Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So we pick up in the Feywild on the edge of night, after having traveled across the rolling
Tim Sackton: fields and hills, vineyards and groves of ember wine.
Tim Sackton: Reaching the Sunset Gate.
Tim Sackton: the vast wall of crystallized sunset that stretches across bay, wild marking the border between night and day.
Tim Sackton: turning north and crossing into Amberglow, passing through, passing over for
Tim Sackton: giants of some kind, demanding your blood
Tim Sackton: and fighting off hunters sent from
Tim Sackton: sent by the gloom. Shaper, Lord Umbria.
Tim Sackton: the Baylord of Duskmire, on the northern border of Amberglow, who has.
Tim Sackton: since the cloud Spinner's departure, imprisonment slowly encroached on the
Tim Sackton: border kingdoms and even parts of Amberglow itself.
Tim Sackton: crossing a river, and then coming brief, coming and stopping
Tim Sackton: at the edge of the river of darkness that flows out from the Sunset gate from Dark Hollow.
Tim Sackton: the realm of Harrow and wend the
Tim Sackton: Spay rulers, or maybe one ruler. Nobody's ever quite sure if these are one or 2 people
Tim Sackton: of the realm to the east, across the Sunset Gate, a place what you've gathered of terror, of there
Tim Sackton: creeping dark, of the footsteps sneaking up behind you in the night.
Tim Sackton: and here, where red sun keep once red sun watch once stood
Tim Sackton: guard watching over the borders of Amberglade.
Tim Sackton: the darkness of hollow dark has crashed through the Sunset gate and spread, forming what seems like an impenetrable river.
Tim Sackton: The only flicker of light that you see looking across the landscape is one lit tower
Tim Sackton: where some sunset ember still seems to glow.
Tim Sackton: About a mile in the distance you have stopped, paused, rested.
Tim Sackton: Come to a halt to try and
Tim Sackton: plot your way forward here on the edge of this night.
Tim Sackton: So how do you want to begin
Kate Sackton: There's a hope that there's some
Kate Sackton: item magical items that connect to the cloud spinners.
Kate Sackton: Well, of power place, because everywhere she had, like little nuggets of connection
Tim Sackton: Yes, you are. You are told by Count Vashen, the broken mask, who
Tim Sackton: was a trusted member for court until he betrayed her, possibly by accident. It wasn't entirely clear.
Tim Sackton: That all of the the keeps and the outposts had hidden within them
Tim Sackton: fragment of the prism. Well, that it wasn't quite clear to you whether it would
Tim Sackton: point the way or summon the prison well itself, but
Tim Sackton: to activate it it needed to be lit by sunlight.
Tim Sackton: which, looking across the landscape seems rather challenging, as there is no sunlight here
Kate Sackton: Don't I have endless supplies of magical sunlight
Tim Sackton: Maybe
Kate Sackton: Okay, well, that's what I plan.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Okay.
Tim Sackton: and what spells you have
Mike Sackton: Do we know where this item, like he was describing something at the heart of the keep, right
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Tim Sackton: he didn't say exactly where it was just in the keep hidden in the keep is what he said
Tim Sackton: wasn't clear that he knew where it was. Just it would be somewhere
Mike Sackton: Break
David (he/him): Scout the tower. See what's there
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Hey, Tim? I can also. The Council will also do a little or a scan
Tim Sackton: So. Yes, Kansas can do or scan. What's everybody else? Does anybody else doing anything
Mike Sackton: No, I mean, I don't think scouting's a bad idea, but
Mike Sackton: I'm not going to do anything about it just yet.
Tim Sackton: Okay so you all wait. As Kenzo reaches out.
Tim Sackton: Stretching his awareness into the darkness.
Tim Sackton: As you do, Colin Kenzo senses.
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: so a few, a few things that sort of strike you as you reach out this keep is not empty.
Tim Sackton: You can. You can feel
Tim Sackton: not in the lit tower, but in some other apparent tower nearby.
Tim Sackton: A.
Tim Sackton: You know
Tim Sackton: clearly the sort of center of malevolent consciousness that seems to be shaping and pulling. The darkness focused. It's deeply focused as you as you reach your mind through it, and it seems to be
Tim Sackton: intensely you sort of glance off its its aura and can tell it's
Tim Sackton: pulling and shaping the darkness, pulling it through and pushing it further into amber glow.
Tim Sackton: Powerful, imposing its will on the
Tim Sackton: very form of the land of Amberglow itself.
Tim Sackton: Below that in the courtyard.
Tim Sackton: Again, you can't see any of these features. It's the darkness is. It's not just darkness. It almost seems like black fog. Impenetrable
Tim Sackton: you sense dozens, perhaps.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Fragments of just terror just incoherent screams of fear, whispers of
Tim Sackton: you know, whispers of like the
Tim Sackton: fear of the dark sort of creeping sounds, all sort of writhing in a pile kind of at the base of the tower.
Tim Sackton: and then you sense something moving, something
Tim Sackton: passing through the darkness, maybe a patrol of some sort more focused, looking for
Tim Sackton: stragglers or anybody approaching but moving sort of lazily, like a group of maybe 7 minds sort of
Tim Sackton: drifting through the dark again. You can't see anything, but you can sense their auras.
Tim Sackton: lazy auras, but kind of lazy and cruel
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): I wonder if we can stealth our way over to the
David (he/him): big evil Presence and destroy that like, if we
David (he/him): take out the bus, do the rest of them sort of dissipate per fleet
Mike Sackton: Maybe I mean I don't. I don't think there's much.
Mike Sackton: There's like patrols, but they don't sound like they're that hard to avoid.
Mike Sackton: So it's dark that helps us. We could go, and we could use invisibility. We could fly
Kate Sackton: But the patrols are enough in the area that if the big Bad called for help we'd probably then end up fighting the patrols
Kate Sackton: as backup
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Just to keep in mind for our strategy
David S. Kong: Hey? What happens if dealt with like banishes things like what happens to a banished fey like? Where do they go?
Mike Sackton: Harmless, demiplane.
Tim Sackton: And then they come back when the spell is up.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay. Okay.
Mike Sackton: If the target is an operation celestial, elemental, fay or fiend.
Mike Sackton: the target is transported to a random location on a plane associated with its creature type
David (he/him): A consentment like a a bat ahead, to try and
David (he/him): find its way through that other tower
Mike Sackton: I mean, how close is that tower
Tim Sackton: Which tower the the lit tower, or the other tower
Mike Sackton: The Wet tower
Tim Sackton: A mile away.
Tim Sackton: You're sort of at the edge of the darkness, which is about a mile from the lit tower.
Mike Sackton: And the other tower.
Mike Sackton: It's closer
Tim Sackton: Near nearby. It's close to the lit tower. Well, the presence is close to the lit tower. Every seems to be a I mean. The keep itself
Tim Sackton: is about a mile away. It's not huge, it's not like miles across
Mike Sackton: Right? Right? Right? I mean, I think we go.
Mike Sackton: We can go closer, right? I mean, what else are we gonna do?
Mike Sackton: Let's sneak closer
David (he/him): What are we gonna do about our mounts? And like, is that a
David (he/him): seems tough to be stealthy on a wyvern
Mike Sackton: No, I think we I think we go by foot from here without
Mike Sackton: What's his name?
Tim Sackton: Belarus.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think I think that anything else is probably not a brilliantly good idea
Kate Sackton: All right. So we get Valeris and the Wyverns situated somewhere.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, like, yeah. 10 o'clock in the middle of the plains. Here, wherever we are
David (he/him): We can go back in the mirror for now
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: All right. The what are we on griffins?
Tim Sackton: Fittings. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, Valeris is happy to tend the griffins as long as he stays in the sunlight. He's
Tim Sackton: he's not going. He's not going into the dark. It's like
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: You're crazy.
Tim Sackton: I'll stay here and watch the mounts, and if you come out that will be great
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's just see what happens.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think we go quietly.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if invisibility is worth it, but we could
David (he/him): Let's let's send a bat ahead. It's like, Yeah, it's for chat per month, and then
David (he/him): we'll know what's what
Mike Sackton: No, that's that's fine.
David (he/him): Recording this stuff, so I'll pull a bat out of the hat and be sense in and
David (he/him): send it exploring
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So you send it flying towards the castle.
Tim Sackton: Oh, hey! Here's Eric, hey?
David (he/him): Harry.
Tim Sackton: So as the batch flies across the
Tim Sackton: it's you know. It's about a mile to the to the
Tim Sackton: to the castle from where you are, and the bat flies across the land, and it's increasingly
Tim Sackton: like, I mean bats. You know, it has echolocation, right? So it doesn't need to see, but it's
Tim Sackton: you know you're seeing through its senses, and you can see it's not just dark, like it's
Tim Sackton: it's almost like you're swimming through black paint or something. It's it's essentially impossible to see
Tim Sackton: and it's it feels almost. Or maybe it's more like black cotton. It feels like as you're flying like the bats.
Tim Sackton: pushing against some something that some force pushing against it the other way. That doesn't, that's, you know.
Tim Sackton: doesn't welcome visitors
Tim Sackton: or something. But you can see with your echolocation and sense, you know, pinging off the ground, you know you're flying for a while over
Tim Sackton: pretty empty ground, the occasional bush or something.
Tim Sackton: After some number of minutes come to the crumbled wall.
Tim Sackton: It seems to be fallen to pieces, at least, you know the bat flies around a little bit. Nowhere is it more than 10 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: and there's rubble strewn over everything that
Tim Sackton: you sort of. I don't know. Do you want to go over the wall or circumnavigate
David (he/him): I think over.
David (he/him): Well, let's take a quick pass along to see where. Where's the opening?
David (he/him): Is there no
Tim Sackton: There is no opening in the wall, but there's many places where it's
Tim Sackton: whatever gate there might have once been seems to have been filled in with rubble, the whole area. Actually, there's a lot of
Tim Sackton: stones on the ground, and things like that. The wall was obviously at 1 point much taller, and it's been knocked down or
Tim Sackton: fallen down in some way.
David (he/him): Right into the castle, the courtyard, and the castle end
Tim Sackton: Fly over into the courtyard.
Tim Sackton: fluttering across the courtyard is big and open. And you can sense pinging your echolocation off that. There's 3 towers
Tim Sackton: sort of arranged almost like a triangle
Tim Sackton: at the far side maybe there once was, you know, buildings connecting them or something, but it's been you know. There's there's no standing structures, anyway, and
Tim Sackton: 2 of the towers are in the front. One is the one that you can see the golden light on the top. The other seems to be completely, almost completely ruined, like it's no more than 20 feet high.
Tim Sackton: and then the tower. That sort of set back kind of more, closer to the far wall.
Tim Sackton: Stretches up maybe a hundred 150 feet. Something like that. You can't tell quite
Tim Sackton: the full, the full depth.
Tim Sackton: And as you're sort of skimming around the courtyard trying to pick out other buildings, although there doesn't seem to be much else that's existing. Everything really seems to be pretty much
Tim Sackton: other than these 2 towers. There doesn't seem to be many other structures standing.
Tim Sackton: Suddenly there's a wave of tower, and the bat dies
David (he/him): Man, not one bat has ever made it. To the end of the hour. Poor Bat
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): It's still like
Tim Sackton: Just pull them out of your hat right? They're not really real animals.
David (he/him): True, but, like my headcanon is that it's the same bat every time
Tim Sackton: Every time, right.
Mike Sackton: Okay,
Mike Sackton: So death awaits
David (he/him): Alright! I'll relay all of that something
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're outside the darkness now.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: You're on the edge of the darkness right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what do we think is at the top of that glowing tower?
Mike Sackton: We don't really know
Kate Sackton: Maybe one of those amber lights, possibly someone keeping it going
Eric Rosenbaum: What's an amber light again? That sounds like a good thing
Mike Sackton: Yeah, they're like the things that the cloud spinner made to
Mike Sackton: guard her realm. Why she made them is not super clear, but they're like glowing lanterns that are somehow connected to her
Kate Sackton: Although we heard
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I have any amber, light lore
David S. Kong: Probably
Tim Sackton: So I mean you've heard
David S. Kong: Are you from
Tim Sackton: Both lady eventide and linearian. These were made by the cloud spinner
Tim Sackton: as sort of fragments of her power that she could hand off to trusted advisors so they'd be able to act in her name when she was
Tim Sackton: not able to.
Tim Sackton: You know she couldn't be everywhere across her realm at once, and so she would create.
Tim Sackton: Essentially, break off a small chunk of her of her sort of fey magic, and and
Tim Sackton: give it to somebody so that they could
Tim Sackton: use a small fraction of her power.
Tim Sackton: but they all went out when she vanished.
Tim Sackton: Some of them were captured by hunters from
Tim Sackton: Duskmeyer, who've been using them to track
Tim Sackton: the cloud spinner. Some of them were captured.
Tim Sackton: At least one was captured by Harrow and Wend.
Tim Sackton: who is also using them to track the cloud spinner. That's who you fought on the on Vindersharna before you entered the Feywild.
Tim Sackton: The fate of the rest of them is unknown
David S. Kong: Can you guys hear me?
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Okay, cool.
David S. Kong: And
David S. Kong: I think the question is, do we just like Barge in full force and just see what happens? Or do we try to be sneaky
Mike Sackton: I think we should be a little sneaky
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the distance as the crow flies from where we stand to that top of the tower
Tim Sackton: Probably about a mile
Eric Rosenbaum: In other words, right at the edge of clairvoyance range
Tim Sackton: That is true.
David (he/him): You're thinking the clairvoyant reirvoyance is a good idea
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, let's definitely do clever words. Yeah, Eric slash seeker. Kenzo did like an aura sense, and there's like super dark, deep evil in the basement, or was it
Tim Sackton: The next tower over
David S. Kong: Oh, the next tower over. Yeah. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Next door. So let's not start with that one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Well, well, I might all reset here, probably
Kate Sackton: I mean, the shiny tower is either a tool that they're just keeping around so that they can find Cloud Spinner and her allies.
Kate Sackton: Some tiny little pocket of resistance that somehow held out this entire time.
Kate Sackton: Or I mean, those are the 2 ideas that I have feel free to name other words, but I'm I'm leaning towards. It's a trap
Eric Rosenbaum: Me.
Eric Rosenbaum: They knew where they knew we were coming. It's trap for us
Kate Sackton: Or any any ally of here's
Eric Rosenbaum: That's funny.
David (he/him): Think clairvoyancing the lid
Mike Sackton: Oh, delight. Yeah.
David (he/him): The light.
David (he/him): Let's find out
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we'll find
Kate Sackton: we'll creep a little bit closer in the Mont clairvoyance. Right? We need to creep a little
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: That much closer.
Tim Sackton: The range is a mile. So you're fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll I'll put it. Yeah, basically dead center of that room.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's actually it's oh, there's no despite the new
Tim Sackton: chatgpt image generator being very good at prompt coherence, it wouldn't make an open platform on top of the tower. It would only make a room.
Tim Sackton: It takes like 5 min to do each one, so I couldn't experiment too much, so there's no roof here. It's just an open.
Tim Sackton: It's a room that's open to the sky.
David (he/him): So there's still bottles, but no roof
Tim Sackton: Yes!
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Tim Sackton: And there's like light kind of spilling out of it a little bit
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I'll put it just over the top of it. Then, looking down
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And cast clairvoyance. So wait if I click
Tim Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Word cast on the button.
Eric Rosenbaum: That does the right thing. Okay.
Tim Sackton: So your sensor appears, and you're looking down at a up open platform, maybe 40 feet in diameter.
Tim Sackton: bathed in a soft, comforting golden light.
Tim Sackton: And actually it seems as if this is like what it almost looks like is somehow
Tim Sackton: the darkness hasn't swallowed this for some reason like you can see the sky above you from here is
Tim Sackton: It's not the same sort of oppressive, like black cotton fog. It's just normal darkness. And there's actually even like flickers of sunlight when you're looking straight up.
Tim Sackton: that somehow seem to collect on the
Tim Sackton: on this tower, due to the
Tim Sackton: non-euclidean geometry of the feywild
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally.
Tim Sackton: The looking down. There's a say, there's you know there's
Tim Sackton: it seems like the roof. So there clearly once was a roof. There's like a jagged pop, and there's the roof has collapsed. There's some piles of rubble in the center of this room, and then the 6 windows going around that are all these that that's almost exactly like the background image looks like big, open sort of crystal windows that the light is spilling out of
Tim Sackton: There is nobody here, nothing moving, nothing
Tim Sackton: much else to see except the you know, the the light.
Tim Sackton: There is also a trapdoor on the floor.
Tim Sackton: And you and there's like little tendrils of darkness that are sort of creeping along the floor. Emerging from the trapdoor
Eric Rosenbaum: Did it look like? They just started crawling out when the sensor appeared
Tim Sackton: And they're not sorry they're not moving. It's like the roots of a tree, but inverted
Eric Rosenbaum: And and the source of the light. The lantern itself
Tim Sackton: There's no source of delight
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Kate Sackton: Not a lantern
Tim Sackton: There's no lantern, there's no source of the light.
Tim Sackton: But of course
Eric Rosenbaum: I believe
Tim Sackton: Like where you're standing now. The light, you know. There's like it's faint. It's sort of desaturated. But there's just sun sunset light all around you and the sun. The Sunset Gate is close by right. You can see it. It's like a few miles in the distance.
Tim Sackton: What it really looks like from your clairvoyant's eye, is like some fragment of amber glow that was not swallowed
Eric Rosenbaum: This isn't 1 of the amber lights
Tim Sackton: Not. You can't see any source. There's nothing glowing that's the source of the light
David (he/him): Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the tendrils are stationary, he said.
Tim Sackton: They are stationary.
Eric Rosenbaum: How big is this
Tim Sackton: Or moving very, very slowly, a person could climb through it
Eric Rosenbaum: Trapdoor sized.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any decoration on the windows or any imagery? Symbols?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no! The windows are blown out
Tim Sackton: The windows are blown out
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: There's no there once was probably stained glass or something, but they're all
Tim Sackton: the the glass has been shattered, and now they're just frames.
Tim Sackton: and still, like twisted bits of metal frames that sort of
Tim Sackton: run through in a few places
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll switch to listening a little bit, but I bet it's just silent
Tim Sackton: Silent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, that's what we got
Eric Rosenbaum: so deal with. You'll just. You'll just hop up there and check it out
Mike Sackton: Sure we we could. Several of us hop up there
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we should. We could all go together
David (he/him): Oh! What!
Kate Sackton: Why are we not walking.
David (he/him): Problem that we're trying to solve here.
David (he/him): I mean, we can go over. We can take a look and we can see what happens. But
David (he/him): do we know what we're doing here
Mike Sackton: We're trying to find some artifact that would tell us
Mike Sackton: where that would connect us to. The cloud Spitter's power
Tim Sackton: There is hidden somewhere in red sun. Watch either
Tim Sackton: an artifact that, when lit by sunlight, either summons the prison well or
Tim Sackton: points a path to the prism, while you're not sure which.
Tim Sackton: But you know it's hidden some. You don't know where it's hidden, you know. It's hidden somewhere in red sun watch. You don't know what it looks like
Kate Sackton: I mean, you know, it has to be lit by sunlight.
Kate Sackton: Big, glowing room
Mike Sackton: I would start. I mean, this glowing room seems like
David (he/him): Yeah, right.
Mike Sackton: The right place to start right like it's the last remains of Amberglow, right? So be some seen
Eric Rosenbaum: Else is protecting it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So it seems like a good place to start. Let's
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's just all fly up there
Kate Sackton: So before we go there, where we might be in peril?
Kate Sackton: Are we at all considering taking the cloud spinner out, and just seeing what being in that space does for her.
Kate Sackton: or do we? We're sure we need the prism. Well, and so we're not even going to risk it because she could get captured, or something
Kate Sackton: just wanted
David (he/him): I think the latter
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I I'm the latter.
Kate Sackton: That's what I think, too. But I didn't want to spend time talking about it. I mean
David (he/him): That
Mike Sackton: Between seeker and dealt with. We could dimension door 4 people there.
Mike Sackton: Unfortunately, somebody gets left behind
David (he/him): I'm pretty sneaky, though.
David S. Kong: I'm sneaky, too.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But isn't it kind of a long walk through the dark
Eric Rosenbaum: And then up a hundred 50 foot tower
David (he/him): I'm sneaking in, but can fly
Kate Sackton: Like, okay, m
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you're sneaking can fly like a bat.
Mike Sackton: The dead bat. No, no, wait, Eric, were you here when the bat died?
David (he/him): The bat. My understanding was, you have these 2 towers in front, and then the one in back with the evil malevolence. The bat did fine flying past these guys. It was somewhere between these guys and the evil tower
David (he/him): that it encountered. The field of death. Is that accurate, Tim
Tim Sackton: It was like in the courtyard, but it was much lower down. It wasn't 150 feet up at that point.
Tim Sackton: I mean. It flew in over the wall, and then it was investigating like the base of the towers, and got swallowed up in the courtyard. That's sort of between the 3 towers
Mike Sackton: So is the white lit up tower on our side of the courtyard or the far side of the courtyard.
Mike Sackton: Like I'm envisioning. This is like a keep right with towers on the corners, but one of them's gone
Tim Sackton: No, it's like it's a triangle
Mike Sackton: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: Hours.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: one is gone. There's a there's a well, it's hard to see, because it's all pitch black, so you can't really see it. You can't see the layout very clearly.
Tim Sackton: You can't really tell
Mike Sackton: Righty.
Tim Sackton: On what side of the tower the bat was, because it's
Mike Sackton: It's all
Tim Sackton: You have no ability to see anything about the landscape.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we have to be within a thousand feet or 500 feet to Dimension door a thousand if we use doubling
Kate Sackton: We have to creep up to within
Mike Sackton: Let's head. Let's move towards the place to start
Kate Sackton: Yay, starting. Moving.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we walk into the darkness
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Walk into the darkness, moving as quietly as you can. One presumes. Yep.
Tim Sackton: there are patrols moving around that you probably want to avoid moving forward
Tim Sackton: at the very edge of the darkness. It seems like it's not.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Tim Sackton: Your dark vision still works right. You can see, it's you do. It's like you step from day to night when you step into the darkness. It's not
Tim Sackton: like looking back, you can see the sunlight in the distance, but the sunlight doesn't shine at all
Tim Sackton: like it. Doesn't. The sunlight from Amberglade doesn't penetrate the darkness at all.
Tim Sackton: and you begin walking sort of moving the the land around you. You can only see like
Tim Sackton: 60 to 120 feet, depending on who you are.
Tim Sackton: Sort of barren. Every now and then there's a dead bush, but generally
Tim Sackton: there's not much. You can see. Go ahead and make a stealth check everybody
Kate Sackton: I guidance myself so that I better. Okay, stuff
Mike Sackton: I should do the same thing
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: Sneaker walks right into a bush
David S. Kong: Like stoppally
Tim Sackton: Why did you? I didn't!
Tim Sackton: Called out
Eric Rosenbaum: The bush was being stealthy. I rolled a 1.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay. Oh, wait alright!
Mike Sackton: You you you could use Roque inspiration to roll again
David S. Kong: Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
David S. Kong: Kenzo rolled a natural 20. So we occupy the full spectrum of what's possible here
Tim Sackton: Here, go to go to this, that rule 20 game
Kate Sackton: I rolled a 14
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait that roll. 20. Here.
Tim Sackton: You're in the other
Mike Sackton: You're in the wrong role. 20 game
Tim Sackton: I made a new roll, 20 game with the updated roll, 20 that has
Tim Sackton: Better. It has all the spells and summons and stuff.
Tim Sackton: Now I have them both open, and that's 0.
Tim Sackton: Are you heroic inspiration? In year one
Eric Rosenbaum: Succumb to peer pressure and heroic inspiration. My one
David (he/him): Right? Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Up. I apologize to the bush.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Much better.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It was really the bush that got heroically inspired. It was really yeah.
Tim Sackton: As you're about to stumble in the bush you're like. No, no, no! That would make noise and
Tim Sackton: walk around at, and you don't none of you see or hear anything.
Tim Sackton: Until you come to the wall.
Tim Sackton: So you're you're certainly within a thousand feet of the tower now within feet of the tower. At this point, within
Mike Sackton: 500 feet.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I mean, should we? Just
Tim Sackton: Of crunch crouched on the side of this wall, and as you, as you get closer
Tim Sackton: and close to the wall, the darkness seems to get more dark and oppressive. And it
Tim Sackton: it takes effort to keep moving, and you keep thinking you like. Hear something behind your shoulder, and turn and look like footsteps creeping behind you. There's never anything there.
Tim Sackton: Just this constant sense of something sneaking up on you
Mike Sackton: Is there anything to note as we're closer like, okay, there's a crumbled wall. Where are the towers now?
Tim Sackton: I mean you still can't see them
Tim Sackton: on the other side of the wall. The darkness seems to be much thicker, like you can't with even with darkvision, even with devil's sight you cannot see
Tim Sackton: anything on the other side of the wall
Mike Sackton: Alright devil! Sight can see through all darkness
Tim Sackton: You can see a little bit on the other side of the wall.
David (he/him): We have the watcher's dagger. If someone wants to attune to it real quick
Mike Sackton: I mean, devil's sight is supposed to let me see through any darkness of any sort, regardless of how powerful the magic is. That's the it does literally nothing else.
Mike Sackton: So if I can't see through darkness with it, I don't know why I took it
Eric Rosenbaum: But this is different.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but you can already see through most darkness with darkvision. It's a very pointless thing to take. If I can't see through darkness
David (he/him): It's dark. It's dark.
Mike Sackton: Now, but I'm happy for to not be able to, I'm happy to not be able to see through something. But I'm going to take a different. I don't want to keep a
Mike Sackton: I don't want to keep a class feature that
Mike Sackton: nerve such that I can't see through any darkness
Tim Sackton: Okay, okay, calm down, Mike.
Tim Sackton: Don't get. Don't get worked up.
Tim Sackton: right here I will say you can't see with devil's sight. There are darknesses in the world that are dark enough, that even devil sight cannot penetrate.
Tim Sackton: You happen to be walking into
Tim Sackton: like the essence of fey darkness from the fey realm. That's all about the tower of the night.
Tim Sackton: So it's this is more than just. This is not just the darkness spell. This is not
Tim Sackton: like it's it's literally like, I mean, devil's sight doesn't let you see through bog
Tim Sackton: right. If you were in a fog cloud, devils, they would do nothing whatsoever
Mike Sackton: True.
Mike Sackton: I've just. I've literally never had an opportunity to use it since I took it.
Mike Sackton: And I was like, yes, I can finally use the feature that I took, and then you're like no, you can't
Tim Sackton: Well, you can't
Kate Sackton: Someplace else dark. You promise
Tim Sackton: But what you see, I guess what you would see with devil's sight is
Tim Sackton: like looking over the wall. It's like looking into a patchy fog
Tim Sackton: like there are. It's like looking. It's like the fog is sort of rolling across every now and then it'll be clear, and then it gets cloudy like. There is a component of this, and it seems to be streaming from the
Tim Sackton: power that Kenza sensed the or actually streaming to the tower that Kenzo sensed the evil presence from
Mike Sackton: Where is the light compared to where we are?
Tim Sackton: It's up about, you know. It's diagonally up
Mike Sackton: But I mean, is it to the left or the right of the evil presence tower.
Mike Sackton: where, in front of right, so from
Tim Sackton: Triangle. It's right
Mike Sackton: It's like the back. 2 towers.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And we're like somewhere by the point, but not clear where.
Mike Sackton: because there's no tower to the left, right, there's nothing to the left
Tim Sackton: There's nothing to the left
Eric Rosenbaum: And the evil presence is attracting the darkness, or it's like pulling the darkness to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So maybe it's the cause of
Eric Rosenbaum: the darkness enveloping this whole area
Mike Sackton: But let's I mean we're not that far from the top. Why don't we just go to the top
David (he/him): Agree.
Mike Sackton: Somebody fly, I mean, we could just all fly or we could dimension door. I don't know which is better
David (he/him): I can definitely fly sneakily.
David S. Kong: Wait. Tim, was there any? When I when I did the scan, was there any consciousness inside the top related
Tim Sackton: Not that you saw
David S. Kong: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's just dimension door up there
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wait! Except for Welby. Is that right?
Kate Sackton: Nobody's flying. The rest of us are dimension drawing in pairs
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David (he/him): All right. Here's a sneaky fly, stealth, check!
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): That's a natural 20.
Tim Sackton: Yep, okay. So you land on the tower
Tim Sackton: you dimensioned, or to the tower right
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay. And then while he flies up it's gonna take you.
Tim Sackton: You're flying.
Tim Sackton: What? Like 150 feet around something like that.
Tim Sackton: When you.
Tim Sackton: when the 4 of you who dimension door land on the platform while Welby is flying, he is still
Tim Sackton: half a minute away.
Tim Sackton: You feel like
Tim Sackton: You know the light feels peaceful almost.
Tim Sackton: You know. It's subtle sort of
Eric Rosenbaum: Next.
Tim Sackton: Colors moving in the light.
Tim Sackton: You know it. It's
Tim Sackton: you know, feels like again. You can see looking up. There's like a few.
Tim Sackton: There's like little wisps of light above you.
Tim Sackton: And as you look around standing in this light, everybody, go ahead and make a wisdom saving. Throw
Tim Sackton: good point
David (he/him): And tell me what actually tell me what you're doing as you land
Tim Sackton: But then also make a wisdom, saving throw.
Mike Sackton: You mean like actions and things we might do or like. What are
Mike Sackton: emotional state is with like what what
Tim Sackton: So just what are, what do you do?
Eric Rosenbaum: When you ask
Tim Sackton: 1st thing you do when you land
Mike Sackton: I mean. I was thinking of casting detect thoughts
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Oops. I ticked off the wrong
Mike Sackton: wait. Did we not long rest
Kate Sackton: No, we didn't
Tim Sackton: No, you haven't long rested
Eric Rosenbaum: It'll be short
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we we sure will
Tim Sackton: Prayer, of healing.
Kate Sackton: Like prayer, feeling.
Mike Sackton: I was trying to figure out, why, okay, that's okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, I should probably down be down a bunch of spell slots right
Tim Sackton: Only your 5th Level slot and the 3rd Level for clairvoyance.
Tim Sackton: You just had time
Eric Rosenbaum: That's cash.
Tim Sackton: Is up.
Mike Sackton: And the dementia
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Just cast.
Tim Sackton: And the devices that we discussed
Eric Rosenbaum: I am up to date. Then. Okay, yeah. I will inspect the
Eric Rosenbaum: trapdoor and stonework around it, and the tendrils
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Actually, I'm going to use blessing of perception to get an hour of see invisible, and that
Mike Sackton: yeah. And then tech dots that detects within 60 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: It's a good way of. I am going to cast detect bots.
Mike Sackton: I might even double the range, actually see if anything's around
Tim Sackton: Okay. At this point, while the arrives and lands go ahead and make a wisdom saving, throw
Kate Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: This, yes, stone sense just tells you about the floor
Kate Sackton: like it doesn't necessarily tell you about
Kate Sackton: any other properties. I don't know if it's worth like
Mike Sackton: Seeker's wisdom save wasn't great
Tim Sackton: So as you yeah. Both Kate and Eric were all natural ones.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, just Kate has a plus 10
David (he/him): We've had
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wow!
David (he/him): Natural twenties and 3 natural ones. So far, that's wild
Eric Rosenbaum: What a night!
Tim Sackton: So as you, as you
Tim Sackton: seeker, goes over to to look at the door, dawith is casting detect thoughts.
Tim Sackton: Risman, Bobby Kenzo. Anything you're doing
David (he/him): I'm prepared for a trap. So I'm very intently looking and listening and feeling all around to see what's going on.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Ken's was
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Readying, readying to fight if there's some malevolent anything. This is just kind of standard practice, you know, when we dimension door into something you're not like. Oh, I'm so relaxed
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I got it.
David S. Kong: It's like.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so a few things, a few things happen.
Tim Sackton: So let's see, detect thoughts. Lets you sense the presence of thoughts.
Tim Sackton: Within 30 feet of you
Mike Sackton: Mold at 60 feet.
Tim Sackton: No, the range itself. You can't double the
Mike Sackton: No, I thought the range was
Tim Sackton: The range is south
Mike Sackton: Yeah, the range itself.
Mike Sackton: I'm not gonna bother sorry. You know what. I'm not going to cast it. Then let's save the spell slot. I don't. I don't think there's a huge
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: 30 feet away.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Mike Sackton: But I can see it visible.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: That instead
Tim Sackton: Tom!
Tim Sackton: Here, let me
Kate Sackton: I don't know what tremor sense does, but I'm still going to do it.
Mike Sackton: And I'll just look around like, Wait where? Sorry, what are we? We're standing on a stone floor
Tim Sackton: You're standing on a stone floor
Mike Sackton: And is there any way down
Tim Sackton: Yes, there is a there is a trapdoor right there
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'll actually use ghostly gaze instead of detect dots
Tim Sackton: All right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so as Dalwith goes to look down at the trapdoor, which seeker is also there, meeting
Mike Sackton: Is there something we should be seeing when you said right there or no?
Tim Sackton: I didn't put you on the map now. There's something you should be seeing
Mike Sackton: Okay. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: When when okay. So let's see Welby.
Tim Sackton: Riswin and seeker. The
Tim Sackton: the light is, I mean, this is a very peaceful place. It's safe, it's protected.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing dangerous that could ever be here.
Tim Sackton: It's like a very
Tim Sackton: warm and safe place to be, and the light is protecting you from any thought of danger and fear.
Tim Sackton: Daweth
Eric Rosenbaum: Got it
Tim Sackton: Is looking down through the So seekers, you know. You're poking at the at the trapdoor, but
David (he/him): You know.
Tim Sackton: It's just sort of idle curiosity like you. You wouldn't go down the trapdoor. That's there's darkness down there, and and it's safe up here.
Tim Sackton: This is that. This is that this wall, by the way, this is about 10 feet high, but it's not. There's like big openings in the wall, because there's glass windows that were
Tim Sackton: blasted out.
Tim Sackton: In the meantime.
Tim Sackton: While you are perceiving the the
Tim Sackton: the light as this amazingly safe thing, and Dawith is looking down through the trap door into
Tim Sackton: increasingly thick darkness. As you look down, you can see there's a there's a sort of.
Tim Sackton: So, looking down through the trapdoor, you see, there's a
Tim Sackton: floor below this that's cracked in half. So so half of it has collapsed, and then there's a stairway on the side that seems to run down and you can't see much more than maybe 1510 feet down, because once you get below the cracked floor. It's just this thick fog of darkness
Kate Sackton: Are there more visible tendrils of darkness after
Kate Sackton: opening the trapdoor to look through it? Or is it the same
Tim Sackton: Darwath, nobody's. I don't think any
Mike Sackton: Nobody's opened the trapdoor
Tim Sackton: Just looking through with ghostly gaze
Kate Sackton: Oh, see! Got it!
Mike Sackton: But there's nothing. No creatures down there
Tim Sackton: There are no creatures down there. No?
Tim Sackton: Okay. So after, as you're sort of looking around exploring dealt with, you have.
Tim Sackton: Let's see Riswin, Welby, and and seeker again like this is really.
Tim Sackton: it's surprising to find like the safest place you've been
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: In the middle of this terrible place.
Tim Sackton: Doworth, you can see.
Tim Sackton: Where is my!
Tim Sackton: It's that
Tim Sackton: flying?
Tim Sackton: In the darkness up up above, flying towards you a large.
Tim Sackton: a large
Tim Sackton: Shadowy creature
Tim Sackton: 2 smaller creatures clinging to its back. It seems to be almost a combination of like a Wyvern and a mounted rider, but all made of shadow
Mike Sackton: Does anybody else see it?
Tim Sackton: Oh, Kenza would see it!
Tim Sackton: Everybody Riswin dealt with and seeker are like you're enjoying the warmth and safety of the light
David (he/him): And Welby says finally, this is
David (he/him): it's just such a relief to have a minute to relax
Mike Sackton: Yeah. I will point out the terrible thing coming towards us.
Mike Sackton: and we should probably do something about this
David (he/him): No, but there's always some terrible thing coming towards us.
Kate Sackton: The way the light shines on these rocks. Bellwood
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell you that
Mike Sackton: yeah. So you guys are being difficult. Hold on a second. Hold on. I'm looking at a
Mike Sackton: that one creature kind of useful. Ha!
Mike Sackton: Now I have.
Mike Sackton: Is this the kind of thing that could be dispelled with? Dispel magic?
Tim Sackton: The that whatever is going on to the
Mike Sackton: Yeah, 3 of them. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Possibly, I mean, or they could be shaken out of it like
Mike Sackton: Well, okay, I mean, yeah. So
Tim Sackton: Most charm effects end when somebody takes damage
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Oh, it's a lot
Eric Rosenbaum: Marmoth at them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought I had a feature about that
Tim Sackton: Oh, right are you
Eric Rosenbaum: Counter, charm.
Tim Sackton: To.
Tim Sackton: Oh, but you failed your save, so it's too late for counter charm, because you
Tim Sackton: you're not perceiving any danger at the moment. But are you still attuned to your to your ring?
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a funny rules thing here where for counter charm
Eric Rosenbaum: it's failing a saving throw against an effect that applies, charmed or frightened. But I didn't know that
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: To take a reaction
Tim Sackton: No, no, I didn't.
Tim Sackton: My role, you I thought it was just yeah. You can use. You can use counter charm
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, well, I mean at this
Tim Sackton: Although I think it's gone on a while. But if you're are, you
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You're not still attuned to your
Tim Sackton: bring up the worded mind, are you
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't remember.
Tim Sackton: So you should have had a bit. You should have had a bit. You definitely should have had advantage on the save
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: Sorry about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I also shouldn't realize that
David S. Kong: Fyi. I got a I gotta hop in like a few minutes or a minute. Yeah. Okay, but if we get into combat
David S. Kong: You know Kenzo likes fighting so just
David S. Kong: Kenzel Kenzel Kenzel will fight if necessary. You know Langow's claw him. You know my tricks, you know. Stun etcetera.
David S. Kong: So if it happens
Mike Sackton: Well, okay. So,
David S. Kong: Hold on just because I got I gotta go. And I'm actually on text. So if anything, if you guys need any weird thing, just just message me, too. I'm I'm doing this work for this virtual workshop. And I'm actually, I'll be checking my phone so feel free to message me. There
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Cool take care.
Kate Sackton: There you go!
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Have fun. I'll be back in 2 h
Tim Sackton: Okay. Awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
David (he/him): See you
Tim Sackton: You've got like a few seconds
Mike Sackton: So where is everybody who's charmed? Sorry, I'm not totally with it right now.
Kate Sackton: Is.
Mike Sackton: Am I the only uncharpped person now that
Tim Sackton: Kenzel's not charmed. Kenzel will run. Oh, Kenzel will run over to Welby and attempt to uncharm him, using
David (he/him): And across wellbeing
Tim Sackton: Using, his
David (he/him): Probably
Tim Sackton: No using his cleansing touch
Mike Sackton: I'm going to cast fine. I will cast on Rizwyn.
Mike Sackton: Can suggestion suggest that they that rizwin fight the bad guy coming
Kate Sackton: Just gonna charm on top of the charm
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean. Rizone has to fail your saving throw, though, which is.
Tim Sackton: she's got a plus 10 to with
Mike Sackton: Ow! You know what I'll do it. I'll do it on seeker, not riswind. I mean, my DC. Is 19, so it's still 50 50. But yes, I'll do it
Mike Sackton: seekers instead
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry Buddy.
Mike Sackton: What are you doing?
Mike Sackton: I'm dealt with shouts at you in a very compelling voice.
Mike Sackton: should be scared of the big thing coming and fight it with me.
Tim Sackton: So I'm gonna say, you don't. You don't. Actually, you don't have to use. You don't actually have to use suggestion. You can just try and basically talk him out of it. You're good enough at persuasion. Make a persuasion check
David (he/him): That is the scariest token I've ever seen.
Mike Sackton: 17,
Tim Sackton: Yes, seeker kind of
Tim Sackton: kind of you. You hear? You hear Darwyth yelling, and it sort of cuts through, and you turn and look.
Tim Sackton: And you see, you're like, what? What? And you turn and look at this giant cloud, I'm gonna roll somebody roll a d 20
Tim Sackton: for pong's cleansing touch on wellbe and then role initiative
Mike Sackton: 14,
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Riswin has disadvantage on initiative.
Kate Sackton: What's he?
Tim Sackton: Because you are still charmed
David (he/him): Am I uncharmed now
Tim Sackton: You are uncharmed. I just gotta mark off the 2.
Kate Sackton: Forgot to promote.
Tim Sackton: I gotta mark off the 2.
Tim Sackton: Yes points for down
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so sorry. What did everybody roll?
Mike Sackton: 14,
Tim Sackton: 14,
David (he/him): Oh, initial.
Kate Sackton: Not going to get worse than the 2. I just rolled right. Do I even need to be disadvantage
David (he/him): 27,
Tim Sackton: 27.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let me roll.
Tim Sackton: Let me roll for Kinzo.
Tim Sackton: Too many times I've been here. Okay, Kenzo is 29.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo's first, st unless you want to swap
Kate Sackton: No, that seems like a good idea. Well, does he have not ranged problems
David (he/him): What have cancer swap with me, and then it'll give him advantage on
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Have you guys?
David (he/him): Oh, and does he have arranged
David (he/him): problem? Do we want to wait for
Tim Sackton: Kenzo has a range problem, but, like can also, you know, jump onto its back or something. It's close enough
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So, Welby, you're up 1st
David (he/him): Awesome
David (he/him): in one smooth motion Welby stands back up again, knocks an arrow, fires, and says, Damn it! It was a trap
David (he/him): 26,
Tim Sackton: 26 hits which wait. You're firing at the big guy. Obviously
David (he/him): Yep.
David (he/him): And wow!
David (he/him): I'm gonna try and obscure it along the way.
David (he/him): So that'll be 3D. 6. That's a DC 18 deck, save
Tim Sackton: You know, if you use. If you make a hotkey for cunning, strike with D and D beyond it will let you
Tim Sackton: select the cunning strikes, you want to add. When you roll your attack.
Tim Sackton: it's see you can set it up. There's an option on D, and D beyond for cutting. Strike
David (he/him): Awesome. I will
Tim Sackton: Under beyond 20. Don't worry about that right now.
David (he/him): It's a 30 min.
Tim Sackton: I had to reload because my thing was frozen. So what did you
David (he/him): 23 points of damage altogether, and then a DC. 18 Dex. Check.
David (he/him): Wait a minute.
David (he/him): That doesn't make sense.
David (he/him): Well, it probably can't have a blinded condition. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Very unlikely.
David (he/him): Let's daze instead. So that's going to be a Con. DC. 18 consave
David (he/him): and 27 points of damage
Tim Sackton: Okay, 27 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Let me get that here.
Tim Sackton: And oh, something's and a con, save
Tim Sackton: What was the DC.
David (he/him): 18,
Tim Sackton: Okay, it fails. The consafe
David (he/him): Alright, so dazed it can move, take an action, or take a bonus action, but nothing else
Tim Sackton: That's the
Mike Sackton: Big guy
David (he/him): Yep.
Mike Sackton: Is Kenzo. Next
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is next
Mike Sackton: King Kenzo Soul site, the big Guy
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems like the move
Mike Sackton: And then he can Wingo's claw if he goes to the edge right
Tim Sackton: Yup Kenzo is going to soul site, the big guy.
Tim Sackton: He is immune to poison necrotic exhaustion and poisoned
Tim Sackton: good at decks bad at charisma Cr 12
Mike Sackton: And are these 2 guys clinging to him
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Like? Do they look like they can fly on their own
Tim Sackton: Probably not.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: out.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: so that ends your turn. So Kenzo is now going to run 2, 3, 4, 5,
Tim Sackton: sex go there, and he will lend out his claw from there.
Tim Sackton: So that's a bonus action to activate Langa's claw. So he's only gonna get to make his 2 attacks.
Tim Sackton: So Kenza runs forward in his his
Tim Sackton: His action, his tattoo animates, and he's going to swing out now with unarmed strike.
Tim Sackton: The 1st one hits for 7 plus his advantage.
Tim Sackton: Points of damage he has advantage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, on on all of them.
Tim Sackton: The next one's a critical hit
Tim Sackton: for, and I'll just see, did not get 2 crits. So so that's the 1st one hits for 10 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: The second one hits for
Tim Sackton: 16 plus 5, 21 points of damage, and that ends Kenza's turn.
Tim Sackton: That is going to bring up the this thing which is going to choose to move.
Tim Sackton: and it's going to fly up and over Kenzo
Tim Sackton: and then right into the center. Here, as
Tim Sackton: the 2 things hanging onto it are going to drop off of it.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: As as it flies over here
Tim Sackton: You feel almost like that breath is being sucked out of you.
Tim Sackton: Anybody within 30 feet of these.
Tim Sackton: So anybody in these auras cannot speak
David (he/him): Don't see, or as
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'll let you see them in a sec. Sorry, Claire can see
Tim Sackton: as you feel as these things drop off the ground. They're
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Tim Sackton: It's like the very air itself is being yanked from your lungs.
Mike Sackton: There's still no, they're very faint, I see
Kate Sackton: They're like gray
Mike Sackton: They're very white, grey.
Tim Sackton: They're light gray, and also, if you're within that, or you have disadvantage on constitution saving throws
Tim Sackton: and then they're going to swing out.
Tim Sackton: and you can see this sort of dark
Tim Sackton: tendrils reach out from their bodies. That's a 10 which misses in a 21 to hit on.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, who's far away but will deflect it
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo takes no damage and deflects the attack.
Tim Sackton: And that will be
Tim Sackton: so. These tendrils reach out to try and drag Kenzo closer. He turns, and he uses his reaction to
Tim Sackton: redirect them as they fly back towards the creature itself.
David (he/him): Are these tendrils controlled? Is this something that the creature is doing
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, these are these 2, these 2 creatures that dropped off this thing
Mike Sackton: The other not the big creature
David (he/him): I've got it! Go
Tim Sackton: Not the big creature the next. The next one is going to 1st make an attack on
Tim Sackton: Welby.
Tim Sackton: So 20 does that hit
David (he/him): That's a hit
Tim Sackton: So you are grappled, and you take 14 points of bludgeoning damage.
Tim Sackton: and you're well grappled this way. You're restrained.
Tim Sackton: Lobbying, restrained
David (he/him): Oh, uncanny dodge, and take 7 instead
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: The next one flies towards rizwin, but deflects off of her.
Tim Sackton: so that ends their turn dealt with. You are up
Mike Sackton: I will banish the one grappling
Tim Sackton: Verbal, component
Mike Sackton: I will subtle spell it
Tim Sackton: Okay, you have. Oh, yeah, you got your points back
Mike Sackton: I have all. I burned a spell slot to get all my points back
Tim Sackton: Right
Mike Sackton: I will banish the one grappling Welby and the big one.
Mike Sackton: Actually, should I banish the 2 annoying guys
David (he/him): Yes.
Mike Sackton: Don't know what. Yeah, let's banish the 2 annoying guys
Tim Sackton: What saving throw is that
Mike Sackton: 19.
Mike Sackton: Oh, actually, I'm gonna use my feature to know if
Mike Sackton: they're gonna succeed or not before I
Tim Sackton: You know what role is that
Mike Sackton: 19 with
Tim Sackton: Let's see.
Mike Sackton: Wisdom, Wisdom.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wisdom. Okay.
Mike Sackton: But hold on!
Mike Sackton: Sorry with the
Mike Sackton: what was this? What was the eldritch's? America's thing? I can know. If it succeeds or fails it, save before I cast the spell right
Tim Sackton: Yes!
Mike Sackton: Okay. So I'm gonna use that
Tim Sackton: Targeting. You're targeting both of the
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Of the breast dealers
Tim Sackton: One succeeds, one fails.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'll I'll cast it, anyway.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: That's annoying.
Tim Sackton: That one vanishes, that ends your turn.
Mike Sackton: I can still move
Mike Sackton: or bonus action, but I don't have very much to do with either of those things.
Mike Sackton: So I will. I will.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's
Mike Sackton: yes, that is, that's all I'll do
Tim Sackton: Okay, seeker, you're up.
Tim Sackton: You cannot speak as the breath is being taken from you
Tim Sackton: by this creature, still, by this creature here
Eric Rosenbaum: But I can stumble over
Tim Sackton: You can stumble over. Yup
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the summon construct trick where I sort of drop it onto the creature
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: That could work, even though this thing is flying, so I'll drop it on its back.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I should be able to use a high level spell slot for this, because there's nothing else. There's no other bad guys around right
Tim Sackton: Maybe not your. I might not use your 8th level slot, but
Mike Sackton: I'm just going to move out of the aura of the not speaky guy, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll use it.
Eric Rosenbaum: My 7th level
Tim Sackton: I think it. Only there's there's only a point to do it on.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, yeah. Cause that's per the spell level. Okay?
Tim Sackton: So which one are you doing? Stone, metal, or clay?
Eric Rosenbaum: Couldn't figure out a particular justification for any one of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fire damage versus the lethargy versus the berserk. Let's try the clay
Tim Sackton: Okay? So you should. If you go under summons, you should be able to drag the summon, construct Clay out onto the
Tim Sackton: map wherever you want to put it
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wait!
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ring room. Oh, there we go!
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's drop it
Tim Sackton: Right now
Eric Rosenbaum: The back.
Tim Sackton: Okay. And now spell level 7,
Eric Rosenbaum: Almost 7,
Tim Sackton: And your what's your spell? Attack modifier? It's plus
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Tim Sackton: Okay. Now, if you click on the construct and you look up at the top of the map just underneath your browser bar, you should have us. There should be a button for slam that will make the slam attacks for you
Eric Rosenbaum: That's greatly convenient.
Tim Sackton: And it has a hit point bar that you can modify, and its A/C. Is 20
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And it gets 3 attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we'll just do all 3
Tim Sackton: Dean, are you? You're attacking the big one
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So the the natural one misses obviously, but the other 2 hits
Tim Sackton: as your clay construct slams into it for
Tim Sackton: 18, and then 14 points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not bad clay, construct.
Tim Sackton: And that ends the Chris. Turn right
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I could give inspiration to somebody.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm near Welby so Welby!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and I can do that by clicking on myself
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, and I click runic inspiration. And then I click
Tim Sackton: Click on wellbeing
Eric Rosenbaum: Done. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Scrambling up over the side of the wall, you see a strange creature with like claws.
Tim Sackton: sticky claws for hands, shadows draping off of its face, and instead of a normal mouth and
Tim Sackton: eyes, it has rows of teeth like the mouth of Sauron, and when it opens its mouth there's a giant eye in the middle of its teeth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Tim Sackton: And then it's going to scramble towards.
Tim Sackton: Wow! B, and it's going to make.
Tim Sackton: What 2 attacks with advantage, since you're restrained.
Tim Sackton: The 1st one is a natural 20,
Tim Sackton: and the second is a 24
David (he/him): That's also hit
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Tim Sackton: So the natural 20 is going to be.
Tim Sackton: The natural twin is gonna be a total of
Tim Sackton: 7 plus 12 plus 17, so 2936 points of damage
David (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: And the second one is going to be
Tim Sackton: a total of 14 points of damage as it rips with its claws slashing through you.
Tim Sackton: and then it's going to turn and look at rizwin
Tim Sackton: Riswin. Make a wisdom saving throw with disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: It gazes towards you. But you
Tim Sackton: meet its eye and shake off the tower of its face. It is your turn
Mike Sackton: Kids are neat.
Kate Sackton: Sorry. Kid.
Tim Sackton: Jim's
Kate Sackton: I scoot over to the side and let's see.
Kate Sackton: And guiding all the
Kate Sackton: I guess I gotta go after the one that's next, because it's still like grappling Welby or something right. He's restrained
Kate Sackton: that directly.
Tim Sackton: Lobby is restrained.
David (he/him): I'll get out of that
Kate Sackton: Alright. Well, then, I guess I'll fight the big one. Then
Mike Sackton: We should focus and focus fire on the
Tim Sackton: Make make a make, another wisdom save
Kate Sackton: Okey, doke.
Tim Sackton: Okay, as you
Tim Sackton: Shake off this heart-stopping glare as you start your turn. Just the very gaze of the
Tim Sackton: this creature itself is disorienting, but you manage to shake off the disorienting lance of this twisted eye, staring at you, and do your turn normally
Kate Sackton: Alright, do a return normally, and casting guiding bolt at the big one
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): Advantage. If it's a attack role
Kate Sackton: It.
Tim Sackton: 2021 hits. But you
Kate Sackton: Spell attack arranged spell attack. I don't know
Tim Sackton: You can roll again if you if you wanna
Kate Sackton: 21,
Tim Sackton: Try for it.
Kate Sackton: No. 21 hits. But if you want to, you might get a credit if you will. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Just just draw a street. T, 20, yeah.
Kate Sackton: I did not. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: So 21 hits. So then I rolled the damage
Tim Sackton: Okay. So light flashes at this creature.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: It's bloodied. My script does not seem to be working at the moment, for some reason, but whatever
Tim Sackton: oh, cause it's not set up properly.
Tim Sackton: And that ends your turn.
Tim Sackton: Coming back to Welby
David (he/him): All right. I am going to wriggle my way free
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Make a wisdom saving throw.
David (he/him): I'm going to make a wisdom saving throw
Tim Sackton: You also manage to avoid, as your.
Tim Sackton: you know, can't help but glance over at this
Tim Sackton: creature that just climbed over the wall, but managed to avoid its disorienting look. And now go ahead.
David (he/him): Acrobatics to get out. I have advantage to escape restraint
David (he/him): Yep, 29
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): Cunning action disengage, and then I am moving away
David (he/him): I'm going over here, and I'll go out of that range and
David (he/him): up 20 feet, applied my height
Tim Sackton: Okay Kenzo will rush forward to attack the big guy.
Tim Sackton: Actually, no point in getting that close because God
Tim Sackton: he's got Lingo's claw active, so we'll stay.
Tim Sackton: We'll stay back there, and he will
Tim Sackton: flurry of blows and make his 5 attacks
Tim Sackton: as he runs forward. The first, st the 1st ones that advantage from from guiding bolt that hits
Tim Sackton: for 11 damage another 8. So that's
Tim Sackton: This thing is looking pretty hurt.
Tim Sackton: 18 hits for 15 damage, not quite on its last legs, but it's staggering back from these our
Tim Sackton: pummeling blows that Kenzo oh, the last one misses from Kenzo's pummeling blows.
Tim Sackton: and then, as Kenzo's pubbling finishes it is its turn.
Tim Sackton: And it is going to turn and make a screeching cry.
Tim Sackton: Just this utterly terrifying wail of death, and everybody make a constitution saving throw.
Tim Sackton: Let's see with disadvantage if you're in the gray, which only includes the construct and Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: There. Oh, I can click save con cool
Tim Sackton: Oh, Kenzo is marked for death.
Tim Sackton: and the construct is marked for death.
Eric Rosenbaum: With a 15 brutal
Tim Sackton: Yeah, with a 15
Tim Sackton: I think everybody else succeeded. Oh, Schwartz, somebody, I'll I'll somebody roll a d. 20 for Welby
Mike Sackton: I got it
Tim Sackton: Welby is. Welby is marked for death.
Tim Sackton: Anybody who's marked for death. All attack rolls are against them or made with advantage.
Tim Sackton: It is then going to
Tim Sackton: Fly up about 20 feet, turn over, attempting to knock the construct off its back.
Tim Sackton: Make let's see, make a deck. Save for the construct.
Tim Sackton: the construct falls boom takes takes 4 points of damage and lands prone.
Tim Sackton: and then it's going to fly.
Tim Sackton: Let's see who's Welby, the construct and Kenzo are marked for death. So it's going to fly here
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim before that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's to attack actually, because of the Berserker lashing thing
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I do it? Again slam!
Tim Sackton: That hits things as the constructs falling off. What is that like? As a reaction for
Eric Rosenbaum: That's correct. So Trigger, the spirit takes damage from creature response. The spirit makes a slam attack
Tim Sackton: Okay, so as it as
Tim Sackton: as the construct falls off, it whacks the shadow on its back before landing prone on the ground.
Tim Sackton: But then this is going to fly over and towards Welby, who's 30 feet up in the air.
Tim Sackton: and it's going to swing at Welby with advantage from because you're marked for death with its scythe.
Tim Sackton: That's 28 to hit
David (he/him): Yeah, just barely. But it gets me
Tim Sackton: And that's gonna be 7 slashing damage and 24 necrotic damage
David (he/him): I dodge it uncannily
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): Oop
Tim Sackton: And then it's oh, and make a constitution saving throw
Tim Sackton: And you gain one level of exhaustion
David (he/him): I'm gonna use heroic inspiration on that
Tim Sackton: Okay, and you don't gain one level of exhaustion.
Tim Sackton: and then it's going to hit you with its hooves.
Tim Sackton: That's it.
Tim Sackton: 18 to hit
Tim Sackton: That's going to be 13 points of
Tim Sackton: bludgeoning damage and 30 points of necrotic damage and strength saving throw
David (he/him): That takes me 0.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Mike Sackton: Eggs.
Tim Sackton: That's not great, because while you're marked for death, you cannot regain hit points.
Tim Sackton: So it's gonna Pummel Wabi with its hooves and falls out of the sky landing.
Tim Sackton: Did somebody drag this out
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm just looking at my turned
Tim Sackton: Okay, while be lands, unconscious as it finishes its turn.
Tim Sackton: What these things
Kate Sackton: The marked for
Tim Sackton: Is still
Kate Sackton: Presumably goes away when the thing that cast it dies
Tim Sackton: Nope! It goes away in a minute.
Tim Sackton: It does not go away. When the thing that's casting it dies, the banished one fails. It saved to recover from banishing.
Tim Sackton: This one is going to move.
Tim Sackton: Kenza is a little worrying.
Tim Sackton: Second, 1, 2, 3, 4, 0, 3
Eric Rosenbaum: Does the construct get an opportunity, attack.
Mike Sackton: Hey? That!
Tim Sackton: What?
Mike Sackton: There's nothing they don't get another save on the banish, do you?
Mike Sackton: I mean
Tim Sackton: I believe you get a save at the end of
Tim Sackton: each of your turns, but it doesn't matter, because he failed
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I don't see that in the spell
Tim Sackton: Okay, maybe I'm wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: And does the construct get an opportunity attack from that guy, just moving it away
Tim Sackton: yes, with disadvantage, because oh no! He already used the construct already used its reaction
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so no, okay. I see.
Tim Sackton: So now,
Tim Sackton: This thing's gonna run over here and will use one of its grasps.
Tim Sackton: That's a 12. That's gonna miss the construct.
Tim Sackton: and the other on dealt with 25
Mike Sackton: Wait! Are we in the silent zone now?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, you're in the South
Mike Sackton: Not gonna burn.
Mike Sackton: Should I burn? You know what I will cast? I'll cast shield whatever Burnabs
Tim Sackton: That misses
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So the attack blasts against the wall of force, deflecting
Mike Sackton: As Darwest
Tim Sackton: Your turn.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So that guy's 30 feet up
Tim Sackton: The yes! That creature's 30 feet up
Mike Sackton: But this guy's standing right next to me. How badly hurt that creature's pretty badly hurt
Tim Sackton: That creature is very badly hurt.
Tim Sackton: Probably one solid hit would kill it
Mike Sackton: Who's after me, Briswyn, and seeker
Tim Sackton: After you.
Tim Sackton: Now that this and then this thing over here, and then Riswin
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: seeker, do you think you can use a spell to try and take out that big, nasty guy? I feel like I should
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the construct is concentration.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But do you just have a direct damage spell that could hit the flying guy?
Mike Sackton: I just don't have
Eric Rosenbaum: That'd be great.
Mike Sackton: Ranged attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could do psychic disruption is an int. Save for 96
Mike Sackton: Yeah, see, that would be pretty good. That's probably overkill. You could probably use something
Tim Sackton: Yeah, don't use it at the lowest level, because it's very low on hit points. So it's gonna it's auto dies if you hit it with psychic disruption, because, even if it succeeds its save, it takes half damage
Mike Sackton: Right
Mike Sackton: then I can move over here and fight this guy, which seems like protecting Welby. Seems like a good move. So I'm gonna do that. I'm going to go over.
Eric Rosenbaum: Construct was doing so. Good, though. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Well, the construct.
Mike Sackton: Well, a construct can help
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna I'm gonna hex blades. Curse him, man! I'm going through a lot of features. But I'm really nervous about Welby dying. So
David (he/him): That'll be fine.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but you can't regain hit points
Tim Sackton: And you
David (he/him): Yeah, but I'll I'll stabilize it
Tim Sackton: Got it
David (he/him): You're all right.
Mike Sackton: I mean, Rizwyn could cast spare the dying or something like that to stabilize him.
Mike Sackton: But okay, now, I'm attacking this guy
Mike Sackton: 13 presumably misses. I'm gonna use
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, no! No. 13 hits
Mike Sackton: Out there 13 hits that will then great
Mike Sackton: 14 damage.
Mike Sackton: So that guy got caught. That guy got caught on the side of my screen between a 19 and a 3. But it doesn't matter, because it still hits.
Mike Sackton: It's like they graphically had it wedge against the table.
Mike Sackton: 13 damage man, I'm rolling like the bike cursed
Tim Sackton: 23 hats.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that's better that. Much damage. 21 plus
Tim Sackton: That one's bloodied as it shrieks and sort of tries to stagger back slightly from you.
Tim Sackton: Seeker, you're up. You're out of range of the disorienting gaze of the fear. Smith over here.
Tim Sackton: What do you want to do? But you are in the can't speak, aura
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so I can't cast that damage
Mike Sackton: A spow.
Mike Sackton: I forgot about that
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can jody, spouse, move.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have catapult which does not have a verbal component
Tim Sackton: There you go!
Mike Sackton: Catapult him.
Eric Rosenbaum: So 1st of all, the construct.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll come up. I should hit the little guy with the construct right
David (he/him): Or no
Mike Sackton: Go go engage?
Mike Sackton: I, wow, yeah. Or you could go after. Keep this guy from moving
Eric Rosenbaum: Keep this I don't know
Tim Sackton: Contract had to spend half its move to stand up because it's prone, so it only
Mike Sackton: Yeah, go after this guy
Tim Sackton: It's not weird dude here
Mike Sackton: Go engage the weird dude, and that will keep him from coming towards us anyway, or if he does, you'll get you'll get a
Eric Rosenbaum: Call.
Tim Sackton: Sorry as the construct stands up, make make a
Tim Sackton: or before the construct stands up as it starts. This turn make a wisdom saving throw for the construct
Eric Rosenbaum: 13,
Tim Sackton: The construct is disoriented
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
Tim Sackton: it can't dash or disengage, and it has to make a dexterity saving throw or fall prone. But it's already prone. So that's not actually going to do anything to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. So it gets up and goes over here
Tim Sackton: What's up?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it'll make it slam. Attack. Oh, 3 slam attacks
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that one misses that one hits, that one hits
Eric Rosenbaum: It does, Tony.
Tim Sackton: Construct runs over and slams
Tim Sackton: twice against this creature, and it staggers back slightly angry, its jaw sort of heath clicking and swirling around its massive eye
Tim Sackton: as seeker launches a catapult
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that one's not auto damage, and it's a deck, save which the thing is good at. So actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: that might not be a great
Mike Sackton: Land.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's not much else I can do.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I could just try it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, just try it.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the is it like any amount of damage is good enough. Should I try like at a second level
Tim Sackton: Honestly, it's the the the react hit took it down below. 10.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll
Tim Sackton: Pretty much any amount of damage
Mike Sackton: Do you have like a
Eric Rosenbaum: Bolts
Eric Rosenbaum: I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, if I glove enhance it, it would still miss. There's nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just gonna be down to the decks
Tim Sackton: No way to guarantee that it hits. It's just a deck, save, I mean, I think you might want to do it
Tim Sackton: Second level, just to protect against a really bad roll. But okay, second level
Tim Sackton: definitely don't need higher than that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I pick up a pebble and magically slick it at the bad guy
Tim Sackton: That's a 23 on its deck, save
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm I missed
Tim Sackton: It dodges out of the way
Tim Sackton: that ends seeker's turn. Rizwin's up rizwin's. Oh, no, the fearsmith is up. It is going to
Tim Sackton: make 3. Make 2 claw attacks
Tim Sackton: at the construct that's in front of it. That's a 12 that misses, and that's a 25 that hits.
Tim Sackton: So the construct takes 16 slashing damage and 13 psychic damage
Eric Rosenbaum: And oh, I got that message. Oh, thanks. Okay.
Tim Sackton: And then it is going to. Let's see.
Tim Sackton: So then 30 feet, it's gonna have to move.
Tim Sackton: Move to. There
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: That's that's it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gets its reaction attack regardless the slam attack
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, right? So I can make a slam against
Eric Rosenbaum: Another 13,
Tim Sackton: 2029 that hits the construct is beating up on this guy.
Tim Sackton: Raise. Make a wisdom saving, throw
Eric Rosenbaum: Glad I chose that clay one
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Rizwan takes 23 points of psychic damage and is stunned until the end of the
Tim Sackton: fearsmith's next turn. As the hot, heart-stopping stare strikes you dead cold with fear.
Mike Sackton: All of our
Tim Sackton: But you can't take an action
Kate Sackton: Move.
Tim Sackton: Thank you.
Kate Sackton: Great
Eric Rosenbaum: And this is going really well.
Tim Sackton: So that ends its turn.
Kate Sackton: Oh, can I? Can I? Heroic inspiration, that role
Tim Sackton: You can. Heroic inspiration in that role
Kate Sackton: This is not good. I think this is worthy of that
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That does not happen. You are heroically inspired against it.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you don't. You do not take the 23 points of damage, and you are not stunned.
Tim Sackton: So it is your turn.
Tim Sackton: You do, however, have to make a wisdom save against its distortion. Gaze
Kate Sackton: 26,
Tim Sackton: Which you avoid
Kate Sackton: Yeah, all right.
Tim Sackton: So Welby is dying.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: flying monster has less than 10 hit points left, and is hovering 30 feet up in the air above Wellbeth's
Tim Sackton: fallen, prone body.
Tim Sackton: Everybody else is fairly well. Oh, yeah, because this guy didn't heal so both
Tim Sackton: this creature here is bloodied. I don't.
Tim Sackton: My like script isn't working today. But whatever
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I was looking for those blood age markers.
Tim Sackton: It's because I didn't properly set up the tokens, so maybe I can fix it right now.
Kate Sackton: Like, get
Tim Sackton: What are you gonna do?
Kate Sackton: Spot here out of doom, or am I just in doom, no matter what
Tim Sackton: no, you can't.
Tim Sackton: Nope, that's that's 35 feet. You need an extra 5 feet of movement
Kate Sackton: Okey, doke.
Tim Sackton: Unless you
Kate Sackton: But this thing is bloodied. You said the thing. Casting the aura is bloodied
Tim Sackton: Yes!
Kate Sackton: All right, then. I'm just going to smash it with my hammer.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: That's what I can do without my voice.
Kate Sackton: and I will be moving to do that. So then that will also put me closer to the edge. If
Tim Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Need be for next, for other moves.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: So I
Kate Sackton: do that
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: As you do you you smash this creature with shatterstorm, and 2 things happen.
Tim Sackton: One chokes and coughs, and the aura ends
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: You take a deep breath and you can speak again. But everybody within 30 feet of it.
Tim Sackton: So that's
Kate Sackton: Everybody.
Tim Sackton: That's everybody has to make a constitution saving throw
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll see
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and let me do it for the dude
Tim Sackton: Okay. Delaware and Seeker takes 7 points of of thunder damage and are deafened.
Tim Sackton: Welby fails one death saving throw
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Rizmin. Make a con, make a concentrate or seeker, make a concentration check for the construct, and
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so to do a concentration check, I just
Mike Sackton: Just a con save but you- you
Tim Sackton: Consave.
Tim Sackton: You have it, you should have advantage. But just make a concept. Yeah, construct does not disappear.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, and doubt Kenzo succeeded.
Tim Sackton: Taoist succeeded. So you both take 3 points of damage
Mike Sackton: No, I failed the save. I succeeded. My concentration check
Tim Sackton: Okay, riz, win succeeded. This. Somebody succeeded
Kate Sackton: I succeeded to think of 26
Tim Sackton: So you take, yeah, yeah, you take 3 points of damage
Kate Sackton: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends riswin's turn, as this thing has deflated and is no longer
Tim Sackton: sucking any breath, it is also going to fly up to its.
Tim Sackton: No, it's not gonna fly. It's gonna die. If it tries to fly anywhere that ends Reswyn's turn
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Unless you're going to use a bonus action for something
Kate Sackton: I do not have any helpful. Oh, I could, I can! Healing word! But that didn't help. Oh, no, he's still marked for death, because that's the other person
Tim Sackton: He's still marked for death. You can add a searing smite onto your attack if you want to
Kate Sackton: Sure.
Tim Sackton: Maybe you'll kill it.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, sure, let's do that
Kate Sackton: at any level that I feel like it, or
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's just a it's a spell bonus action. You can cast
Kate Sackton: I know I
Tim Sackton: Well, I'll be your next guest, saving throw with disadvantage
David (he/him): Awesome.
Mike Sackton: M,
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God!
Mike Sackton: Kate, you should really cast spare the dying on Welby
Kate Sackton: But it's not a Bonus Act
Mike Sackton: Know, I know, I know.
Kate Sackton: I'm going to as soon as that. It just seemed that I was gonna spend like making the world a better place
Mike Sackton: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: Now
Tim Sackton: Well, the guys bad
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, what
Mike Sackton: Critically failed. His saving throw
David (he/him): What about the Bardic inspiration I have
Eric Rosenbaum: You. You do have inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Inspiration.
David (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: You can. You can use inspiration on any saving throw
Eric Rosenbaum: I did happen to give him
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: No, you can't add anything. You can't add anything to. It does.
Tim Sackton: There's no
Eric Rosenbaum: Other fires.
Tim Sackton: You can't change that natural one unless you have heroic inspiration
Eric Rosenbaum: But don't
Mike Sackton: No, he's a halfling. He doesn't roll once
Tim Sackton: Oh, of course you're a half one
Eric Rosenbaum: You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Doesn't that mean he gets to reroll his one
David (he/him): Even in depth, still
Tim Sackton: So, so you only have 2 failed. Death saving throws
David (he/him): Awesome. I'm gonna count that as a success.
Tim Sackton: That that ends your turn, Kenzo. This big creature is oh, Kate.
Tim Sackton: 27 points of fire damage destroys.
Tim Sackton: That creature!
Tim Sackton: So as Rizwin hits it with her hammer flames erupt, and it just the shadows burn away.
Tim Sackton: Kenza has got to get up to this creature.
Tim Sackton: He's got a 15 foot reach and he can jump 15 feet. So Kenzo is going to jump
Tim Sackton: as high as he can and punch up into the air, trying to take out this creature that has less than 10 hit points left before it kills somebody else.
Tim Sackton: That's a 12 that misses next attack.
Tim Sackton: That's a 13 that misses worry of blows.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's gonna hit. But in making him roll a disadvantage on these attacks.
Tim Sackton: okay, well, he gets 2 hits with a flurry of blows, and that kills this creature, falls down.
Tim Sackton: has one more attack, and is going to
Tim Sackton: oh, wait! He needs to make a wisdom saving throw, too.
Tim Sackton: that succeeds, and that is going to run
Tim Sackton: there and make his last attack on the fearsmith. That's a 19 that hits so Kenzo swings.
Tim Sackton: and that ends Kenza's turn. The big creature is dead.
Tim Sackton: The other creature is banished.
Tim Sackton: That leads to
Mike Sackton: That was right.
Tim Sackton: Dealt with. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We'll run over there and attack this guy.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I finally rolled glow
Tim Sackton: Make it sorry. Make a wisdom saving throw when you start
Kate Sackton: So when does will we have to make save death? Saving throws
Tim Sackton: Somebody's got to do. Well, the the
Mike Sackton: You have to heal him on your turn. On his next turn he dies
Kate Sackton: But is my turn or his turn is what I'm asking
Tim Sackton: Before his turn. Yes.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: How much damage did you do
Mike Sackton: 20. I credit 28 damage
Tim Sackton: Okay, he's bloodied
Mike Sackton: Maybe I should just smite him. You know what we need to move on. I'm gonna smite him on that crit.
Mike Sackton: Sorry! Where's my!
Mike Sackton: Where's my non-vanishing smite?
Tim Sackton: If you click! I made an Aldrick smite on your as an
Mike Sackton: No, it's just regular. Algers might
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: How do I click the elder smite button?
Mike Sackton: Where do I have it at
Tim Sackton: Up up next to the browser bar
Mike Sackton: Oh, I see!
Tim Sackton: Little Alger, smite.
Mike Sackton: Okay? Does 55. Additional damage.
Mike Sackton: Kill him?
Mike Sackton: No, I'll make him prone. I didn't realize I could do that
Tim Sackton: That does not kill him. Okay, but I've more attacks
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna
Tim Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: Proud.
Tim Sackton: Because it's plowed
Mike Sackton: Yep, my next attack has advantage. It hits
Tim Sackton: That hits, anyway.
Mike Sackton: I was just seeing if I created again 14,
Tim Sackton: That kills them.
Tim Sackton: It's good
Mike Sackton: Okay with? Well, so then.
Tim Sackton: We can and attack you.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Mike Sackton: No go ahead!
Tim Sackton: It was somebody runs over to heal Welby
Kate Sackton: I spare the dying, and then I guess I have to do that in whatever, in whatever order. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Spare the dying.
Tim Sackton: Yes, versus dying, he still has about 30 seconds of being cursed for death.
Kate Sackton: Alright!
Kate Sackton: So I spare the dying
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: And then, so he's no longer dying
David (he/him): Oof.
Tim Sackton: Then dealt with drops concentration, and you all just kill this guy
Mike Sackton: Goes somewhere, random
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Mike Sackton: Does he not? Does he come back here
Tim Sackton: Oh, oh, you're right. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: A random location on a plane associated with its creature type.
Mike Sackton: Shouldn't that mean he goes to a random location on the Feywild?
Mike Sackton: I mean? I don't know. You tell me what he does
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, it's a little bit funny, because it really should be
Tim Sackton: when you're on the material plane. I'm not sure that you can banish him to the Feywild from the
Mike Sackton: No, I mean it's fine. If he comes back I mean I don't. I don't
Tim Sackton: I I'm just gonna say he comes back and
Mike Sackton: I was just curious. I actually wanted to know what happened. I'm just reminding you because I wanted to know what happens, not because I have an opinion
Tim Sackton: He was on. I don't think I'm you can't banish him to it. You have to be on a different plane to banish him to. I just
Tim Sackton: didn't know if he would like go back to
Mike Sackton: Shadowed Wends.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Okay, no, that's fair.
Tim Sackton: Can't makes sense. It does matter.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And then the curse of death fades on we, and you're able to heal him
Kate Sackton: All right.
David (he/him): Hey!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's
Kate Sackton: Healing, healing.
Kate Sackton: How about we start with
Kate Sackton: a 4th love of pure wounds
Tim Sackton: 44,
David (he/him): Awesome. Thank you.
Kate Sackton: How does that get you in like neighborhood of your total hit points
David (he/him): That's 44 out of 1 15. So that's
Kate Sackton: Okay, I'll do another one, but I'll do a 3rd level
Kate Sackton: and try to get you towards half
David (he/him): Alright. Yeah, thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
Kate Sackton: We might want some spell slots for some of the things, so
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, as quiet descends, you find yourself still standing on this now less welcoming warm light.
Tim Sackton: looking at the trapdoor
Eric Rosenbaum: Construct comes around and huddles with us. To also look at
Mike Sackton: How long does the contract last
Tim Sackton: An hour.
Mike Sackton: Let's send it down. See what? See what it sees
Eric Rosenbaum: I turned to deal with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Contract. go ahead. Can it open the door by itself? Probably
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, it's I mean, it's not locked. The trap door is not locked. You can just pull it up
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, we should back up 1st construct, give us a second
Tim Sackton: Okay, it's like standing there like, okay, gotcha.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I retreat to the edge of the tower along with everybody else. Presumably
Eric Rosenbaum: we should give it a little bit more instruction, probably. Then
Kate Sackton: Go down the stairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: It. It can't talk or anything, so it has to just be able to go down and come back up. I guess
Tim Sackton: It can. Yeah, it can understand you. And it can, like, you know, maybe communicate a little bit with sign language. But it doesn't have any
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Ability to vocalize
Kate Sackton: But secret. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I say.
Tim Sackton: See through its eyes or anything. No
Tim Sackton: speaker can't see through its eyes
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah, open the door, go down a little ways.
Eric Rosenbaum: look around to see if there's anything obviously dangerous, and if not, poke your head back up, and wave us down.
Tim Sackton: Okay, lifts up the door like stomps. I mean, it's
Tim Sackton: it's only medium. But it's like very heavy for its size. It's like a solid creature. It's
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's yeah. It's made of clay. It's like it's like it's moving like, you know, claymation sort of, you know.
Tim Sackton: Climbs down the ladder you hear a crack
Kate Sackton: It broke so
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Silence for a minute.
Tim Sackton: 2 min, 3 min comes, comes back
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Pokes its head up waves, and then you hear a
Tim Sackton: crack, crack, crack! Crack! Crack! And it
Tim Sackton: slips, falls down completely to the ground.
Tim Sackton: as all of the rungs of the ladder broke under its weight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh!
Tim Sackton: But it won'
Eric Rosenbaum: Around at the others.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that worked out just fine. It took a took it quite a while, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we we have at least one other ladder, don't we? We could use
Tim Sackton: Yes, you have plenty of ladders
Tim Sackton: That's only a 10 foot. It's like
Tim Sackton: 12 foot drop to the ground below
Tim Sackton: Easy to just drop your rope ladder down
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Well.
David (he/him): Our essence and see if the thing we just killed was the big, bad, evil thing that was pulling the darkness through? Or is that still waiting for us.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo
Eric Rosenbaum: Question.
Tim Sackton: 6 key to do it again, so probably not worth it.
Tim Sackton: But it's unlikely this was the big, bad
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Me yep!
Eric Rosenbaum: It wasn't like pulling darkness in
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: While we encountered it.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think we should just, I mean, what else are we gonna do? Except, I mean, let's go down
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Tim Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the construct. Okay?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The construct's fine, useless.
Eric Rosenbaum: Taking a look.
Tim Sackton: Climb down.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, like another 2 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: I'll mark that on its token.
Tim Sackton: It's at. I'll just write it down. It's at 50
Tim Sackton: if you get into another combat. At so so you step down
Tim Sackton: There, you see a so you come down onto a lower floor, where the floor itself has been cracked and half of the floor is gone. Just
Tim Sackton: looking down into pitch darkness after about
Tim Sackton: 20 feet it, you know, you can see through it in darkvision, and well, you can't see through it in in dark vision. Once you get down, everybody except with is completely blind.
Tim Sackton: There's a little bit of light from above, but like once you get down to this floor like darkvision does nothing but dealt with even looking down over this cracked edge after about 20 feet down.
Tim Sackton: You're looking into this just pea soup, like just thick, almost bubbling clouds of blackness
Mike Sackton: And this is like
Mike Sackton: sorry I'm just trying to picture. We went down the ladder, and then we're looking into the collapsed
Mike Sackton: beneath the second floor. Is that
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's a there's 1 floor. It's like, it's like, it's extending out from the wall and the middle
Mike Sackton: Cracks.
Tim Sackton: Middle part has just collapsed entirely. So you've got this like floor that's just supported by, you know, whatever is underneath it, coming out from the wall, but in the center
Tim Sackton: well offset slightly from the center. But, like most of the center, is a giant hole. So the trapdoor leads down very close to the edge
Tim Sackton: and sort of move away from the edge there are
Tim Sackton: dealt with. You can see that there are on the side far side. There's like stairs down
Tim Sackton: where the floor is still intact. So you're sort of standing on this cracked floor, and you can see
Tim Sackton: on the like
Tim Sackton: eastern wall, the part of the floor that's still attacked. There's a staircase that leads down
Tim Sackton: but you can't. You can't see more than about 20 feet down into the darkness. It's like it's increasing. It looks like it's getting increasingly thick fog.
Tim Sackton: The rest of you can't see anything at all. Darkvision is useless here
Tim Sackton: the construct was clearly crawling around on the floor, feeling where the edge was
Eric Rosenbaum: That's why it took so
Tim Sackton: Why it took him so long.
Eric Rosenbaum: He just followed the instructions
Tim Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: So do we do. We go down, guys? It's pretty dark down there
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we should all hang on to a rope or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dang as I can't
Kate Sackton: Dealt with lead us through the darkness pea soup.
Kate Sackton: So while we're all holding on to a rope.
Kate Sackton: it seems like a way to find what we're looking for
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is.
Kate Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: It's just not obvious that there's anything this feels a bit like we're going. And
Mike Sackton: why didn't? We could have just walked into the courtyard. I guess
David (he/him): Wandering through the darkness
Tim Sackton: The courtyard is where the back got eaten for what it's worth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, right.
Mike Sackton: But where does this?
Mike Sackton: This is connected to the wall? So if we went out of this tower in one direction, we'd be in the courtyard. Right
Mike Sackton: my misunderstanding
Tim Sackton: Yep, you would be
Mike Sackton: In the other direction.
Tim Sackton: Leave it in
Mike Sackton: Weaving towards the like. This is on the
Mike Sackton: edge, not the interior of the courtyard, right
Tim Sackton: No, it's in the interior, but I mean the outer walls
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But like.
Mike Sackton: sorry, I thought the basic idea was, this is a triangle with powers on each of the 3 points, and the courtyard is in between them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, although it's a little bit hard to
Tim Sackton: yeah, to tell for sure. Like
Tim Sackton: that courtyard. There is a courtyard in between the 3 towers.
Tim Sackton: What else is around?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, we have no idea.
Tim Sackton: It's black, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: But like searching the loose rubble for signs of the
Kate Sackton: versus searching an intact tower for signs of her power, seems worth scouring. This tower
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, we may as well search. We may as well go down right
David (he/him): Do we have any better way to search than just
David (he/him): mean? The idea of wandering through an impenetrable darkness seems not ideal
Kate Sackton: Researching.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David (he/him): Yeah.
David (he/him): Like.
David (he/him): do we have any other way of finding it? Do we have like a locate object? Or do we have a detect magic or a
Mike Sackton: Text magic.
Mike Sackton: It only really works on things you can see
David (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And wait. There was no torches. Were there torches up in the light area
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: It was just like the light from it. It was just like a weird
Mike Sackton: no source of white light right
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: Why would that happen in that location?
Eric Rosenbaum: Was it protected by something
Mike Sackton: Well, right, that's the it's odd
Tim Sackton: Kind of seemed like it was a trap
David (he/him): Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: oh! Meaning the person.
Eric Rosenbaum: the the creature creating the darkness just wove it around that area, leaving the light in place as opposed to putting light there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something like that
Tim Sackton: Right like it could just be a spot that wasn't eaten
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Mike Sackton: Sorry. Do we know what's at the 3rd point to the triangle? Do we know that there's nothing there? Do we just not know what's there
Tim Sackton: The bat saw a ruined tower at the 3rd point of the triangle. No walls no more than 15 feet high.
Mike Sackton: And the the evil, the point of the triangle with the big, dark, evil thing we haven't gotten close to, because it's too dark and scary
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: I mean I don't.
Mike Sackton: I would just keep going down for it for the moment
Kate Sackton: We can put the that strategy. But now you're okay with it.
Kate Sackton: Having talked about it
Mike Sackton: Welby thinks it's a bad idea. I always thought we should just do it
Eric Rosenbaum: We could send, construct first, st
David (he/him): Mean, couldn't we just walk right past whatever we're looking for without seeing it?
Mike Sackton: I mean, if the darkness is impenetrable in the whole space, we're not going to find anything.
Mike Sackton: I'm more curious if it actually is
David (he/him): Is that right?
Kate Sackton: Tenner scroll everywhere, outside.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the name of the thing?
Kate Sackton: Some parts of this building
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the name of the thing we're looking for again
Tim Sackton: You don't. I mean, you don't know. What you know is that hidden somewhere in Red Sun Watch is
Tim Sackton: a way for a connection to the prison well.
Tim Sackton: and either summons the prism well, or
Tim Sackton: leads you to the prison. Well.
Kate Sackton: So given that we've already been detected and fought a battle, and given that we're like inside a building instead of out in the open. Let's just see what happens if there's any
Kate Sackton: visibility created by the light cantripped.
Kate Sackton: This has an experiment
David (he/him): Yeah, or Drift Club? Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So I cast a light
Tim Sackton: Bell fails.
Kate Sackton: Bell fails, all right, cannot create light.
Tim Sackton: The light can't jump.
David (he/him): Daylight spell with the drift globe
Tim Sackton: Flickers for a moment weakly, and the darkness crawls in on it.
Tim Sackton: It lasts for no more than 10 seconds.
Tim Sackton: and it always looks pale and thin
David (he/him): And I only sort of think of this is ridiculous. What about like a giant mirror system in the sky that reflects more sunlight down on this like a lens of some kind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Love it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Performance of creation!
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that even worth doing, though
David (he/him): Fixing it in the right like, because presumably
Mike Sackton: From? Where would you put the mirror? What would you be reflecting double
Eric Rosenbaum: Amberg. It would be a a giant lens up in the trapdoor, and a mirror underneath it. To that
Mike Sackton: Light that we had
David (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Amber light that the woman had
Kate Sackton: Went out.
Mike Sackton: Did we keep it
Tim Sackton: Think you still have it?
Eric Rosenbaum: What? What is it?
Mike Sackton: The lantern.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, take that out and see if it makes any light
Mike Sackton: I'm just thinking, can we like bottle the the
Kate Sackton: Upstairs light in the
Mike Sackton: Fight.
Kate Sackton: You could try it
David (he/him): Yeah, let's see if we can do anything with that lantern, activate it one way or another.
Kate Sackton: Alright!
Tim Sackton: Can we go back up.
Kate Sackton: The light space and take out the amber light lantern
Tim Sackton: It's inert unless somebody somebody needs to attune to it.
Tim Sackton: That was the problem before
Mike Sackton: Which nobody has attunement slots, and it takes a while
Tim Sackton: Yes, I mean
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems like the best solution, though.
Kate Sackton: Should have brought Grover, or whatever his name is.
Kate Sackton: make him a tune to the Everlake
David (he/him): Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: I sort of feel like we don't really know
Mike Sackton: that even attuning to it would be helpful, although I guess it might
David (he/him): I mean, I sort of think that the big, bad, evil thing is probably
David (he/him): sitting or guarding, or like defending
Mike Sackton: Right. There's that we should just go fight the boss fight type strategy
Kate Sackton: Possibly
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Mike Sackton: It just feels like a household
David (he/him): I mean, I've been alive for almost 10 min. I'm I'm ready for another. Go around
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, he's doing, okay, yeah.
David (he/him): After the second or 3rd time you get used to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Next.
Mike Sackton: You didn't actually die this time
David (he/him): It's true.
Tim Sackton: I mean you do. Don't forget that you have.
Tim Sackton: like a half a dozen ways to ask supernatural creatures questions
Mike Sackton: I was just thinking about that
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Including augury, which tells you whether something is a good or bad idea
Mike Sackton: Now let's augur whether going to fight the battle
David (he/him): That guy is like
Mike Sackton: Got a bad idea.
Tim Sackton: Wait! Who
Kate Sackton: Or do have a chance of finding
Tim Sackton: Penz out. Has Audrey
David (he/him): Do we have a bowl with augury, or a mirror with augury
Tim Sackton: You have a mirror with augury, but Kenzo can also do it at Whale from his staff of the Forest Soul.
Tim Sackton: So what do you want to ask
Kate Sackton: Does he have images?
Tim Sackton: Basically, here's what we're gonna do.
Tim Sackton: Will the results be good, bad, both or neither?
Kate Sackton: So we're going to go fight the big bad. Will the results be good, bad, both or neither?
Kate Sackton: Or do we want to propose that we're going to spend forever searching this tower.
Kate Sackton: The results be good, bad, both or neither.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting to know about the Tower
Kate Sackton: I mean, we could ask a different
Mike Sackton: I meant to ask about no ask about the big bad
Tim Sackton: Talk about the big godfight
Mike Sackton: If we, if we strike out.
Mike Sackton: we plan to rapidly strike out to the power of darkness and attempts to defeat whatever evil works there
David (he/him): In order to bring us closer to the the well. The what you
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo
Tim Sackton: leans on his staff and and reaches out for glimmers of hints of omens from the dream world.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: He turns like slightly pale, and then opens his eyes and looks at you.
Tim Sackton: Bad omens
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the question for that one? Again
Mike Sackton: Fight the should we try
Tim Sackton: Don't ask a question, you give it a course of action, and that says, Is that likely to be?
Tim Sackton: Is that likely to turn out well, poorly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good and bad, or either.
Eric Rosenbaum: The big bad is a bad idea. Okay, okay, hmm.
Kate Sackton: I could use my last 4th Level spell slot to do divination, and ask about finding things in this tower
Mike Sackton: I mean, I could ask, I could use contact other planes
Mike Sackton: right? Which is similar. I think
Kate Sackton: Just depends on
Eric Rosenbaum: I think
Kate Sackton: Cell power for that
Eric Rosenbaum: While we're doing all this stuff. Can I just be
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, wait, I have a it's a ritual. I can divination as well
Eric Rosenbaum: While we're doing all this stuff, I'll just attune to the lantern thing
Tim Sackton: That takes an hour
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: You can start attuning to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure.
Tim Sackton: You might get interrupted if you wait here for a full hour, but
Tim Sackton: you would have to unattune to, I guess. The bye.
Tim Sackton: Wait. I don't.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what your are. You attuned to the binding stones?
Tim Sackton: It only says you're changing 2 things
Eric Rosenbaum: Right the binding stones. I've not found a use for so
Mike Sackton: I don't know why you're not attuned to the binding stones. They seem super cool
Eric Rosenbaum: I literally haven't come up with a situation where I want
Mike Sackton: Weren't you in tune bells? I could use them for
Tim Sackton: Riz one's attuned to the crown which isn't on her
Tim Sackton: the nd beyond sheet. That's why she only has 2 like 2 min slots.
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure why, Seeker only has 2 attunement slots
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: So something else.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's the phasing stone
Mike Sackton: It was probably just, and then you, unattuned from Vindicarda recently, and never attuned
Tim Sackton: So you actually do probably have a spare or 2 min
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I could do it.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So Seeker starts looking at the amber light starting to attune to it
Tim Sackton: while the rest of you are casting rituals
Mike Sackton: Wow, I think, raised with this casting ritual
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! And also at this time the aura of Lady Eventide
Mike Sackton: Takes over. Oh, right
Eric Rosenbaum: I've yeah, there you go.
Tim Sackton: That time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks folks good to see
Tim Sackton: Okay. Good night.
David (he/him): Yep.
Mike Sackton: Good night, Eric!
Kate Sackton: Maybe eventide has always wanted to be attuned to a lantern right?
David (he/him): Right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So as as seeker starts, pulls out the lantern and starts looking at it
Tim Sackton: and and starts to attune to it. Like, you see this, this like conflict on his face as
Tim Sackton: the color drains, and, like clearly Lady Eventide, is a bit reluctant to come forward in this condition, but
Tim Sackton: the lantern is right there, and she's drawn forth
Tim Sackton: as Seeker begins to tune, and the rest of you
Tim Sackton: ask questions
David (he/him): We could augury about searching through this tower
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. So I ask in my ritual
Kate Sackton: as we see through this tower, blindly, well, what we seek be perceptible by its own race
Kate Sackton: is there hope, Tab, find something
Kate Sackton: connecting us to the cloud spinner in this tower
Tim Sackton: So that takes 10 min.
Tim Sackton: Mike has done with doing anything. Well.
Tim Sackton: Oh, search will well be, I guess somebody is probably keeping watch somewhere
David (he/him): Yeah, I'll keep watch
Mike Sackton: Am. I is contact. Other plane.
Kate Sackton: Me so it's presumably keeping watch, too.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Kenzo's Kenzo can keep watch like sort of up
Mike Sackton: Oh, I'll send you.
Mike Sackton: I'll send the links out to keep watch
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: But now I don't think I'm casting any spells yet. I don't know if we'll really get to an hour. But I'm gonna like, you know.
Mike Sackton: start preparing some food and
Mike Sackton: no fire, but like I mean, if we take an hour for Eric to attune, may as well short rest
Tim Sackton: Start.
Mike Sackton: Short, resting.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: On the off chance. We don't get interrupted or decide to do something else.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So 10 min in you.
Tim Sackton: So you rizwin sort of commuting with the Barzell
Mike Sackton: I mean, we're on the second
Tim Sackton: Fine.
Mike Sackton: Floor right. We closed the trapdoor on the top
Tim Sackton: Yes, so it's it's it's pitch black.
Tim Sackton: So listening, sort of attuning to the words, the Barzell
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: so are you asking like, Is there, can you find anything in this tower? Is there any hope? Basically
David (he/him): Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yes, is there hope? Because
Kate Sackton: here is their hope, because it will give its make its presence known? Like will we be able to perceive it is my main question.
Kate Sackton: is it here? And will we be able to perceive it
Tim Sackton: The the cloud spinners
Tim Sackton: that the after image of the clad spinners light
Tim Sackton: lingers like roots of the trees, hidden and safe beneath the darkness
Mike Sackton: But let's go down
David (he/him): Underground.
Mike Sackton: Is there any underground? Can we tremor, sense, and see if there's any underground things
Tim Sackton: You can't. I mean, you can tremor sense when you're on the ground floor.
Tim Sackton: But Speaker can use
Mike Sackton: Oh, his stone!
Tim Sackton: Don't sense.
Tim Sackton: So seeker will use stone sense
Tim Sackton: and identify whether there are any
Tim Sackton: tunnels, burrows, or underground excavations present in the area
David (he/him): Yes.
Tim Sackton: So as he's attuning he he reaches out
Tim Sackton: there is
Tim Sackton: It doesn't give you a map. It just tells you whether there are any, but there are
Tim Sackton: significant underground excavations below all 3 towers
David (he/him): All right.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): Let's do it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Are you gonna try to get in a short rest or just move on
Kate Sackton: Short rest would let well be roll hit dice.
Kate Sackton: I don't know about anything else that it would do for
Mike Sackton: Get back lots of stuff for Kenzo and dealt with
Tim Sackton: Kenza has still got like 10 key left. He's not in particularly dire need
Mike Sackton: No, it's not either. I mean, I'm down one slot spell slot, but I use my ability to get back to it more
Kate Sackton: So we can
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's got. Kenzo's got 11 of his 16 P. He's he's not in particularly.
Tim Sackton: Penzer does not need a short rest.
Tim Sackton: The really the biggest benefit would be trying to attune to the
Mike Sackton: Right.
David (he/him): I could use one too.
Tim Sackton: And hit dice for for wellbeing
Mike Sackton: I mean
Tim Sackton: You've got a million oceans
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: how secure does this?
Tim Sackton: I mean it doesn't feel secure at all. It feels like
Kate Sackton: We're in a cursed darkness
David (he/him): Every moment. Yeah, they're coming back for more
Mike Sackton: Let's just keep going
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I say, we keep going
Kate Sackton: We enter.
Tim Sackton: Who is
Kate Sackton: Lady.
Tim Sackton: Who's in the front
Kate Sackton: Dealt with has to know if they'll take the lead. I can see a little bit more than others
David (he/him): Yeah. And I think we we do have like a rope in. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Should string together, dealt with his first, st
Tim Sackton: his second.
Kate Sackton: Everybody in the middle, and I'll bring up the rear
Tim Sackton: Single file, here, so
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Kansas
Tim Sackton: Those can be.
David (he/him): For.
Tim Sackton: Seeker construct.
Tim Sackton: Well, be
Tim Sackton: yeah, that's actually a downside. If you if you try just short rest, you'd also lose this secret 7th level slot well be, and then
Tim Sackton: riswin at the very end
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you begin creeping your way down the staircase.
Tim Sackton: Feeling your way like your hand against the side of the wall, feeling dealt with holding and and trying to lead with the rope.
Kate Sackton: If I had stone, sense
Kate Sackton: or tremor, sensor whatever going for like, however long it lasts, would I be able to perceive my surroundings. The stone through the stonework
Tim Sackton: That is a great question.
Tim Sackton: Let me double check
Kate Sackton: It's a new thing to me, so I haven't really used it much
Tim Sackton: How tremor sends.
Tim Sackton: Let's see, tremor sense.
Tim Sackton: I'm pretty sure the way it works. Let me just let me just double check because I wanna
Kate Sackton: They get 10 min of this perception. So
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so it doesn't right. It doesn't let you sense the
Tim Sackton: It doesn't let you see your surroundings. It lets you pinpoint the location of creatures and moving objects
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So if you activated it right before combat, you would be able to pinpoint
Tim Sackton: the location of creatures, even if it was completely dark.
Tim Sackton: But it doesn't really help you, for like walking down a wall, because it can't
Tim Sackton: give you any sense of the stairs that also doesn't work on. If something's flying. The creature that you're detecting has to be in contact with the same surface
Kate Sackton: Okay. Good. To know. Thank you.
Tim Sackton: So you begin creeping your way down
Tim Sackton: dealt with in the lead as you go down, going slowly and trying to. You know. Keep.
Tim Sackton: keep the stairs. Stay aware of the stairs. The stairs are spiraling on the outside of the tower. Just kind of spiraling down like this.
Tim Sackton: and after maybe 5 min of walking down, you pass
Tim Sackton: you like, pass down beneath the floor that you started at
Tim Sackton: and it feels like the space like opens up entirely to your right, like the opening in the middle. It's like
Tim Sackton: all that's in this tower. Here is
Tim Sackton: a staircase creeping down the edge of the wall.
Tim Sackton: and right on the edge of the staircase is just empty air dropping away from you.
Tim Sackton: You begin going down further and
Mike Sackton: So wait! Is this
Tim Sackton: Oh, I think
Mike Sackton: Sorry it. The perception is like a thick fog, so I wouldn't be able to detect magic through this
Tim Sackton: You are. You feel like you're it's it's a patchy fog up this high. So every now and then you'll get like a clear
Tim Sackton: a sort of clear vision
Tim Sackton: as the fog. The fog is sort of drifting. It's almost like it's drifting up.
Tim Sackton: It's thicker down below
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: But you're moving slowly and and tied on so that you don't.
Tim Sackton: you know you're trying to avoid
Tim Sackton: stepping off the edge and falling, and stuff like that.
Tim Sackton: Welby and Rizwin, you begin to hear whispers.
Tim Sackton: the occasional sound of a footstep, but when you stop
Tim Sackton: and look behind you, it stops, and it the sort of
Tim Sackton: feeling of something following you grows and grows and grows in your mind, and both of you make wisdom saving throws.
Tim Sackton: What did I say here
Tim Sackton: Welbi managed to shake off that
Tim Sackton: that sense of the fear behind you. But, Reswyn it's like
Tim Sackton: something is chasing you, and you begin to run forward, pushing
Mike Sackton: Don't we all have advantage on saves against fear from Kenza's cloak?
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's right. So roll again with advantage.
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Again, because you haven't been
Kate Sackton: Same freaking roll.
Tim Sackton: You try to. You try to shut it off, but it's like the
Tim Sackton: footsteps, the creeping fear, the terror that's lurking behind you is too much, and you start to push your way forward, running, dropping the rope and pushing past everybody. Well, be
Tim Sackton: construct and seeker.
Tim Sackton: I'll make dexterity saving throws.
Tim Sackton: I'll roll for the construct
Tim Sackton: once you've once so riswin's pushing past. Once you've managed to get closer to the front of the line like you manage to shake, shake it off
Tim Sackton: But in the process you managed to knock seeker and the construct off of the
Tim Sackton: stairs as you barrel along.
Tim Sackton: You're all holding on to the rope, but this construct is not small. Make a
Mike Sackton: Do. None of us have feather, fall.
David (he/him): Can only target myself
Tim Sackton: None of you have feather, fall.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you only have feather! Fall for yourself. Wow!
Tim Sackton: Enzo and Welby can't take damage falling, really.
Tim Sackton: But the rest of you let's see Welby Kenzo daweth
Kate Sackton: Grab for seeker like just sort of just sort of hold on to him.
Tim Sackton: No, you're the one who's frightened. You're not grabbing
Kate Sackton: I thought well, I thought I got over it
Tim Sackton: Yeah, like, after they've all seeker's holding onto the rope
Kate Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: I I knock him down. I pay
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I knock him down I get to the front. I feel better, and I notice what I've done, and we're all still holding on to the rope, and I'm strong, so can I grab him
Tim Sackton: Possibly.
Tim Sackton: First.st Everybody. Everybody make a strength.
Tim Sackton: Just a straight strength, strength, check
David (he/him): Kenzable deal with and
Tim Sackton: Well be, we'll let you add all the strength checks together.
Kate Sackton: But not me. Just them
Tim Sackton: Not you, because this is when you're in the process of knocking them
Mike Sackton: Well, Kenzo, you're rolling for Kenzo. You can roll for Kenzo. I rolled terribly
Tim Sackton: It wasn't coming through
Mike Sackton: No, I'm gonna keep my route
Tim Sackton: Okay. 7, all 3 of you together. 1026
Tim Sackton: The rope begins to slide out of your hands.
Tim Sackton: I guess. Welby, it's up to you.
Tim Sackton: You're gonna you are much later than the construct. But you
Tim Sackton: you can. You can basically brace the rope. But there's a good chance. You're sliding off the edge
David (he/him): I'm okay with that
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): Oh, no, no, no, no, that's not what I do. What I do is this, I pull out the immovable rod, wrap it around the rope, and I hit the button
Tim Sackton: Make a roll, an initiative check
David (he/him): Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you react very quickly.
Tim Sackton: The rope is hanging from the immovable rod.
Tim Sackton: The construct and seeker have fallen off and are dangling
Tim Sackton: down into the darkness. You can't see where
Tim Sackton: rizwin like comes to her senses a little bit
Tim Sackton: when she gets towards the front of the line. Stop him before pushing Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: The construct begins to slowly climb up, also holding on to seeker.
Tim Sackton: climbing up with seeker on his back. Construct is fairly strong. I think. So.
Tim Sackton: yeah, plus 4 strength. So doesn't really have a problem. Scrambling up to the top.
Tim Sackton: You all kind of regroup a little bit.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Construct.
Tim Sackton: Standing there. Who's who's at the back of the line? Now?
Tim Sackton: Welby, I guess. Yeah, yeah, probably.
Tim Sackton: And maybe the construct.
Tim Sackton: Okay, regroup and begin begin moving, unclick the rod, and begin moving slowly again.
Tim Sackton: Creeping your way down.
Tim Sackton: Let's see.
Tim Sackton: The construct's immune to fright.
Tim Sackton: He's hanging back there now,
Tim Sackton: dealt with make a acrobatics check, or a dexterity, save whichever is better for you.
Tim Sackton: Are they the same
Mike Sackton: They're both the same
Tim Sackton: There is a you jump back suddenly.
Tim Sackton: As this 3 stairs in front of you fall.
Tim Sackton: but you manage to jump back before the before you tumble into the gap
Mike Sackton: There's just a big open space to our right, right
Tim Sackton: It's just a big open space to your right
Mike Sackton: Why aren't we just flying down?
Mike Sackton: I'm asking. I'm not asking you. I'm asking
Kate Sackton: Well, I mean we don't know how we'll see where to land, but I guess
David (he/him): Like, what if the bottom is filled with acid or spike?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, no, okay, yeah, we can just keep going like this. Sure.
David (he/him): All right onwards, then
Tim Sackton: Jump over the gap, begin to slowly make your way down again.
Tim Sackton: one footed after the other into the darkness.
Tim Sackton: As you descended, maybe about half the tower. It's now just
Tim Sackton: completely pitch black to everybody like even deal withs
Tim Sackton: devil's sight. You're just moving through a soup.
Tim Sackton: and it's becoming increasingly difficult to force yourself to take
Tim Sackton: the neck. Put the next foot
Tim Sackton: after the other. It feels like you're
Tim Sackton: It almost feels like you're fighting against the darkness.
Tim Sackton: All of you now are starting to hear, not to the extent of driving you to flee, but just
Tim Sackton: constant, just this feeling like something's watching you in the dark
Tim Sackton: tingling on the back of your neck.
Tim Sackton: and every now and then you hear a whisper.
Tim Sackton: Just can't make out what it is just in the distance, just to sort of hint of something
Tim Sackton: sneaking through the grass at like triggers, that
Tim Sackton: ancient sort of reflex of a predator stalking you, although I guess
Tim Sackton: no humanoid and tiger evolved from
Tim Sackton: pre-human hominoids. So maybe you don't have that reflex
Tim Sackton: But that's what it feels like. That sort of tingling on the back of your neck as you
Tim Sackton: press on further and further down. The only person seemingly unaffected by this is
Tim Sackton: the construct, and Kenzo, who are both immune to fear.
Tim Sackton: And even Kenzo is sort of looking around. This sort of
Tim Sackton: not completely immune to this sense, this just feeling.
Tim Sackton: When suddenly dealt with, make a dexterity, saving, throw
Tim Sackton: dawith pitches forward into the blackness
Mike Sackton: I might reroll that
Tim Sackton: With what.
Mike Sackton: For our conspiration, but that was not a good use for our conspiration.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
David (he/him): We we all brace the rope right
Tim Sackton: You all braced the rope.
Tim Sackton: The stairs have come to the end dealt with falls prone, landing on the ground in front of you.
Tim Sackton: Just there's a maybe a less than 5 foot gap to the bottom
Kate Sackton: Okay. Dealt with. Fell down 5 feet
David (he/him): This is a success. Good. This is good.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, you're there.
David (he/him): Spikes, no asset dealt with
Mike Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Nothing that you can feel. Nobody can see anything.
David (he/him): Just slow down man. This would be a handy time to have that bat
Kate Sackton: To.
David (he/him): Let's
Kate Sackton: Talking.
David (he/him): The layout. Yeah, are there any exits, passages off of this space further distance downwards to go
Tim Sackton: how are you? I mean, you're just gonna like walk through the space feeling your way. I mean you. You cannot see anything at all.
David (he/him): Yeah, I mean, I think just to sort of do a circuit around the base of the thing. And then.
David (he/him): you know, we can spread out at 5 foot intervals and cross the space
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you begin trying to explore.
Tim Sackton: you follow closely each other, you know, hand on shoulder, hand on wall.
Tim Sackton: Still holding it still, you know, with your wrists looped around the rope
Tim Sackton: as you begin to sort of circumnavigate the bottom of this tower moving.
Tim Sackton: you know, slowly, as you're trying to feel for gaps for
Tim Sackton: you know any kind of opening that you can.
Tim Sackton: Anything unusual about the wall?
Tim Sackton: Let's see, are you still in the same order, dealt with Kenzo Seeker, riswin, Welby construct.
Tim Sackton: who's in the front
David (he/him): Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think Goeth could be in front. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: You.
Tim Sackton: You continue for
Tim Sackton: maybe 5 min around the front, and you feel
Tim Sackton: dawith you feel with your hand like a gap, a window, maybe, or a door
Tim Sackton: and you hear coming through the gap a sort of chilling whisper.
Tim Sackton: and that is going to be
Kate Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: You sort of dodge back.
Tim Sackton: As the sound of this.
Tim Sackton: it's almost feels like a living like a
Tim Sackton: there's a voice coming from the outside, the echoing of actually many voices. That's wow
Tim Sackton: reaching for your mind, and you manage to dodge back and sort of deflect it.
Tim Sackton: This almost feels like a physical thing trying to wrap around you
Mike Sackton: Does this feel like a doorway out into the courtyard
Tim Sackton: Yeah, possibly, or a window
Mike Sackton: Let's back away
Kate Sackton: Oh.
Kate Sackton: should we crawl along the ground looking for trapdoors, or should I just make a hole in the ground with
Mike Sackton: We just we want to find something down, not out
Kate Sackton: Right, yeah.
Mike Sackton: So, being close to the window is bad. Back away from the window
Kate Sackton: Right good point, learned that one almost the hard way.
Kate Sackton: But this is what I'm saying is to save time, instead of trying to find a way down, she would just make a way down
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: why not?
Kate Sackton: Right. I can do that.
Tim Sackton: With passwhile. Yeah, you can just open a
Tim Sackton: I mean, it might help to have some. I mean, if there's no
Tim Sackton: if there's if there's nothing directly underneath you. It'll just open up into dirt. It won't be useful
Kate Sackton: Oh!
David (he/him): Is
Kate Sackton: Dealt with
David (he/him): Good sense.
Kate Sackton: Gaze under the impenetrably invisible space to see if there's another impenetrably invisible space underneath.
Mike Sackton: We'd have to short rest, plus if I can't see it doesn't do any good.
David (he/him): What about does Seeker have anything here like he he likes
Tim Sackton: Seeker often has a lot of things I'm looking. What Seeker has.
Tim Sackton: Seeker has the option to polymorph somebody into something with echolocation.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could just you could just dimension door
Kate Sackton: Into solid earth underneath us.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that might be risky
Kate Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: It's not that risky
Tim Sackton: I think it just. It just fails. If you can't
Kate Sackton: You can't go there.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if you would both arrive into space.
Tim Sackton: failed by objects, you take 46 force damage, and the spell fails.
Mike Sackton: That's not that much damage right?
Tim Sackton: So it's not that much damage, and you could just try
Tim Sackton: once or twice and see if it worked. Wall of stone could block the opening.
Tim Sackton: what else does he have?
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's that's about it. Unless
Tim Sackton: I mean, sometimes isn't gonna give you any more specific information, because
Tim Sackton: you already know that there's tunnels, and it doesn't give you a map
Kate Sackton: Wasn't he gonna be like an ant or an earthworm, or something at 1 point, and try to explore underneath somewhere in somewhere
Tim Sackton: I mean, he's also quite good at, like, you know, investigation. You could like
Tim Sackton: tap on the floor or something, and try and hear an echo.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Kenzo might have something too
Kate Sackton: Either we've got to crawl around on the floor, tapping on it and feeling for trapdoors.
Kate Sackton: or I like the polymorph idea extending something that could actually perceive to go perceive down there
David (he/him): Yeah, I like that a lot.
David (he/him): Are there any burrowing animals that can
David (he/him): like detect if there are tunnels underground
Tim Sackton: Yeah, didn't he? Didn't he turn into like a some kind of mole once that had blindsight and burrowing
David (he/him): Right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I'm cooking.
Kate Sackton: That's what I'm vibing
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you just need a, you just need something with
Tim Sackton: you. Just need a beast with blindsight. Really.
Kate Sackton: It's not actual biology, so I don't know what you're talking about.
Tim Sackton: That's like any sort of.
Tim Sackton: Let's see if there's a beast with blindsight and a burrow speed.
Tim Sackton: Let's see where's
David (he/him): Match, your
Tim Sackton: Think a badger or a mole.
Tim Sackton: No, there's nothing that has both plans.
Tim Sackton: nothing that has both. A badger has a burrow speed, but not blind sight.
Tim Sackton: It just says darkvision, or you could go for like a fox, I mean, or
Tim Sackton: you could go for something that can burrow, although this
Tim Sackton: ground is stone, so you might prefer blind sight
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Blind sight.
Tim Sackton: So you could go for, like a you know, a a bat or a giant bat, or
Tim Sackton: a giant centipede.
Kate Sackton: Giant centipede
David (he/him): What about a purple worm? Can we become a purple worm?
Tim Sackton: That's too high a cr, but a giant centipede's got blindside of 30 feet. That's pretty good
David (he/him): It's great!
Tim Sackton: Oh, giant scorpions got blindsight of 60 feet.
Tim Sackton: There you go! Seeker becomes a giant scorpion.
Tim Sackton: Except that's concentration. So you'll lose the construct. But it's maybe a worthwhile trade. The yeah.
Mike Sackton: Long, anyway, it's worth it.
Kate Sackton: Bye. Construct nice job
Tim Sackton: Oh, seeker, cast Polymorph, and you see him shifting
David (he/him): We don't see him shifting.
Kate Sackton: You don't see him shifting. You hear the sort of clattering noise of the
Tim Sackton: Giant scorpion, as you've all retreated from the middle of the
Tim Sackton: room as he begins clattering along the floor like
David (he/him): Guys, I think there's a giant scorpion in here with us
Tim Sackton: Looking around.
Tim Sackton: What's he looking for
David (he/him): I think, understanding where the windows are, so we can stay away from them, and then looking for ways down.
David (he/him): Is there?
David (he/him): What is there to get down
Tim Sackton: Anything. Okay?
David (he/him): So here's
Kate Sackton: A way to it.
David (he/him): Burrows, tunnels.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So the giant centipede is going to
Tim Sackton: clack along for a few minutes.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, Giant scorpion.
Tim Sackton: he does not get to keep his skills in the giant scorpion form so he can map out the place quite well. But
Tim Sackton: can't use his investigation until he returns to normal form.
Tim Sackton: But he's like he's like clicking along.
Tim Sackton: you know. Somebody can like grab the
Tim Sackton: you know. He can guide you, at least, if somebody wants to follow along and like try to tap on the ground, or something like that.
David (he/him): Yeah, we'll we'll be able to do that
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So while we sort of moving along beside you,
Tim Sackton: the scorpion searching, I mean, there's not go ahead and make an investigation check lobby
Tim Sackton: Sorry with disadvantage, because even though it's dark, changed much.
Tim Sackton: So tapping along a few things that you're able to pick up one
Tim Sackton: There's a fair bit of rubble strewn around here like the scorpion is clambering over rocks like there's many floors that have collapsed like this. Is not.
Tim Sackton: This is pretty much all difficult terrain that you're scrambling around.
Tim Sackton: The the scorpion there's you're sort of hiding in the middle. There's 2 windows that are clear.
Tim Sackton: a bunch more that are covered in rubble.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's a door that's half blocked. But you can
Tim Sackton: feel this sort of cold wind from outside, and you can hear the creatures in the courtyard beginning to move in your direction.
Tim Sackton: The but you do also sense from your tapping. You can tell that in the middle
Tim Sackton: of the floor the sort of central
Tim Sackton: 15 feet. It almost seems like there's a there's a
Tim Sackton: passageway that's about 15 feet wide. Underneath this tunnel there's like A from the middle, leading in towards the courtyard.
Tim Sackton: Though definitely, you can you catch a few places where the floor is clear. And you can, you know, just because of the quality of your investigation check, and with the scorpion being able to guide you and navigate you around all the boulders and stuff.
Tim Sackton: you can definitely get at least a few places that you're maybe 90% confident are
Tim Sackton: not dirt beneath you, but some kind of floor
Mike Sackton: But let's
David (he/him): All right. And we we have some sense of depth so that we can magic our way in.
David (he/him): Yeah. But there's no entrance that that we come across
Tim Sackton: Definitely no entrance. Another sort of
Tim Sackton: whispered night. Terror comes flying in from the from the outside.
Tim Sackton: out from the door, striking towards
Tim Sackton: let's see, I'm gonna just roll out and
Tim Sackton: striking towards
Tim Sackton: daweth 25 to het
Mike Sackton: That'll hit
Tim Sackton: And you take 20 points of psychic damage and momentarily cannot speak.
Tim Sackton: As your voice is taken with terror.
Tim Sackton: you can hear the sounds outside, getting louder. More of them are scrambling in this way.
David (he/him): Let's get 10 feet down right here
Tim Sackton: If you use pass. So pass wall, just opens a door.
Tim Sackton: doesn't matter how deep it is. It just opens a passageway that you can go through
Tim Sackton: domain. No, it's just these
Mike Sackton: Possible.
Tim Sackton: Teleports you
David (he/him): Let's do it.
Mike Sackton: But we can only teleport.
Mike Sackton: We can only teleport 4 of us, and anyway.
Mike Sackton: so I would just use pass. Well.
David (he/him): That's why
Kate Sackton: All right.
Tim Sackton: So Riswin moves over to cast Passwall as another
Tim Sackton: whispered terror reaches out towards you. Rizwin shakes it off
Tim Sackton: as the floor opens beneath you, opening a hole down to a dark but not
Tim Sackton: dark but not impenetrably dark tunnel. No light, but not
Tim Sackton: this darkness, although with the pass wall open, the darkness begins flowing down into the tunnel with you as you all jump down and begins to climb around you. What order are you jumping into the tunnel
Mike Sackton: Deal with can go 1st again
David (he/him): I think Scorpion goes first.st
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Okay. Fair scorpion goes first.st
Tim Sackton: Okay, who's next?
Tim Sackton: Really, just need to know who the last 2 people are?
David (he/him): I think Kenza is the last one, because of the fear management
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): Who's second to last
Mike Sackton: I'll be second to last. That's okay. I'll hang back and guard the rear
Tim Sackton: Okay. So as the Scorpion Riswin, and and
Tim Sackton: will be jumped down, 2 more blasts of whispering terror.
Tim Sackton: Come licking across the courtyard to you. 14. That's going to Miss Kenzo 27 on daweth
Mike Sackton: That hits.
Tim Sackton: That's another 20 points of psychic damage to deal with.
Tim Sackton: And again, you're momentarily cannot speak as you both jump in.
Tim Sackton: You are now all in this tunnel
Kate Sackton: Speakers of scorpion, so he can't cast some sort of stone ceiling thing.
Tim Sackton: And
Kate Sackton: What?
Tim Sackton: He can. He can get out. He can unscorpion himself, if you like. Tap him on the shoulder
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I think we either want him to. I'm just looking to see if I have any like fabricate, or
Kate Sackton: oh, you mean to like
Tim Sackton: It's yeah. The pass wall is not concentration, and it lasts for an hour. You can't end it early
Kate Sackton: Yeah, well, if I can't end it, can we? I guess it would just
Kate Sackton: dissolve anything we built where it is because of its power that we're saying
Tim Sackton: No, no, no! It just opens a passageway. You can put a wall of stone on top of it. It doesn't reopen the wall of stone
Kate Sackton: Okay, that's what I'm trying to say is that
Kate Sackton: if if we want seeker to stop being a scorpion to do wall of stone, that's the 1st option that I'm aware of. I'm just looking to see if we have any other options.
Kate Sackton: I don't think so.
Tim Sackton: Yeah seeker can do that.
Tim Sackton: He's still got a decent number of of
Tim Sackton: I don't know. That's a 5th Level spell that'll be his last 5th Level slot, but he still has a 6th and a
Tim Sackton: 8th level slot
Kate Sackton: Have of fabricate
David (he/him): Any performance of creation. A big block of stone up there
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, he could do that, too. That's a good
Tim Sackton: He can create up. He can create something up to huge so that would easily block the passageway.
Tim Sackton: That's a good idea. That doesn't use a spell. Slot
Kate Sackton: Okay. Great.
Tim Sackton: It lasts for 5 h, so it's not permanent. The way a wall of stone would be. But
Tim Sackton: 5 h is a decent amount of time.
David (he/him): Ask. We only need it to last for 1 h.
Tim Sackton: You only need to ask for 1 h, because then password will end right.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Good thinking. Okay, seeker. So seeker just creates a giant block of stone on top of the passwal
Tim Sackton: that completely covers the entrance.
Tim Sackton: Some darkness has seeped in down here, but not very much as you cover it.
Tim Sackton: and you find yourself in an empty tunnel
Tim Sackton: about 15 feet wide, your dark vision now working
David (he/him): Yay!
Tim Sackton: Except for these little bits of darkness that crept down next to you, which are this black fog?
Tim Sackton: The tunnel seems to lead in only one direction, like the there's a there's like a 15 foot circular room behind you, and no exits that you can see out of that
Tim Sackton: and then it continues sort of straight, which would be in towards the center of the courtyard.
Tim Sackton: It's a it's it's like a vaulted sort of arched kind of like a
Tim Sackton: I don't know how to describe it, but pillars that come up, and then like spreading kind of almost like trees supporting the ceiling.
Tim Sackton: and then stone lining the walls.
Tim Sackton: almost almost brick, like big stone bricks, you know about the size of the construct's forearm.
Kate Sackton: Supposed to need some healing.
Mike Sackton: I'm okay for right now, I think
Kate Sackton: I mean, I don't know what I'm gonna do with my lower level spell slots. So
Mike Sackton: I mean sure. Then why not?
Kate Sackton: Well, that's a whopping amount of healing
Mike Sackton: Sorry I don't have the roll. 7. 0, okay.
Kate Sackton: Did not roll well at all.
Tim Sackton: As the lowest you could possibly heal.
Kate Sackton: Yes, I know, but
Tim Sackton: Better than nothing.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Better than not using the spell slot.
Tim Sackton: So what do you want to do
David (he/him): Let's go exploring.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you start walking.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Cast, light.
David (he/him): Yeah. Drift. Globe.
David (he/him): Late.
Tim Sackton: Still does not illuminate anything here
Kate Sackton: Where.
Tim Sackton: But you can see with your dark vision, anyway.
Tim Sackton: Continue going.
Tim Sackton: The passageway continues for maybe 30 feet, not very long at all 40 feet.
Tim Sackton: You guess you are probably now crossing into the out from the
Tim Sackton: from the tower itself into the courtyard, and you can see up ahead, just kind of at the edge of the range of your dark vision, maybe a hundred, 150 feet, a place where the
Tim Sackton: 2 past 3 passageways meet in the middle, and there's a small circular room there that you can see again. It's the same kind of sort of vaulted ceilings relatively plain.
Tim Sackton: although in the center of that room that you can see from
Tim Sackton: from a distance from this distance. Anyway, you can see.
Tim Sackton: There's like maybe a well of some kind, like a ring of stones.
Tim Sackton: On the floor
Mike Sackton: Huh!
Kate Sackton: Is it the prison? Well.
David (he/him): Let's take a look. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: There is. So when you get to this sort of central place where the passageways
Tim Sackton: join, you can see that there's a passageway that's leaving.
Tim Sackton: Clearly. They're each one of these passageways leads to beneath one of the towers, and you're at the center of the
Tim Sackton: of the of the courtyard.
Tim Sackton: There is a well, it looking down, you can see there's like a
Tim Sackton: an empty space below. That's
Tim Sackton: It's like a a big basin
Tim Sackton: like it might have once been filled with water.
Tim Sackton: And there's actually what looks like in the ceiling. You can see bits of stonework where this was. I mean. This was like a pillar through the middle of this room that went down into some room below it, and probably up into a courtyard fountain or something above it.
Tim Sackton: But it's not the courtyard fountain top has been filled in. You can actually see that there's
Tim Sackton: completely filled in with rubble. And there's actually like bits. There's like darkness like dripping down through the ceiling here, and it seems to be flowing through the the passageway that leads to the
Tim Sackton: dark tower instead of the ruined tower, you actually see these little bits of of darkness, kind of
Tim Sackton: drifting like wisps of clouds down the passageway leading to the dark tower
Kate Sackton: All right. Well, Dark Tower was a bad idea. So let's go to other passageway.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It leads. The other passageway leads very similar to where exactly where you have been. It comes to a
Tim Sackton: a room underneath.
Tim Sackton: This like? It goes
Tim Sackton: again about a hundred, 20 feet. There's a small circular room. In this case. The circular room is completely collapsed.
Tim Sackton: Just full of boulders and stuff.
Tim Sackton: And actually, there's darkness kind of pooling at the bottom. There.
Tim Sackton: It's not. It's like, not easy. You can't. You couldn't really walk through, but it's not airtight going up to the ceiling, and there's darkness dripping down
David (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Bye.
Mike Sackton: Sorry I'm kind of falling asleep. Do we have a sense of can you? Just?
Mike Sackton: I'm trying to envisioned this, but I'm struggling. There's
Mike Sackton: we're at the end of the quarter
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's so there's 3 towers that form a triangle, and then underneath those towers there seems to be passage underground vaulted passageways that meet in the middle.
Tim Sackton: and you've you came in from one you walked down
Mike Sackton: To the middle. Okay, okay.
Tim Sackton: To the middle. Then you went back to the Ruin tower. That's very similar.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And the only passageway left is the one to the dark
David (he/him): Was there exactly at the middle of the junction. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: At the middle of the junction of the 3. There's what looks like some kind of fountain or well mechanism. There's a
Tim Sackton: there's there's a
Tim Sackton: So imagine that at 1 point there was a stone column
Tim Sackton: made out of like white bricks that went from a fountain to the top that went down through this room
Tim Sackton: and then led, you know, was a pillar
Kate Sackton: Old water feature, plumbing.
Tim Sackton: Below this room there's a big empty basin.
Tim Sackton: I mean, not huge like, but looking down, you can see, you know, 40 feet across empty basin.
Tim Sackton: At 1 point this would have been like a reservoir for a fountain.
Tim Sackton: but the fountain has collapsed, and the the pillar of stone connecting it has crumbled. And so now there's just a circle of stone at the base
Mike Sackton: But is that? Can we walk around and explore that area, or is it
David (he/him): I can seeker like arcana. This thing, or
Mike Sackton: Damn!
David (he/him): Put on his goggles. I mean, this seems like a
Mike Sackton: Is there any magic here
Tim Sackton: Nothing is magical now.
Tim Sackton: I mean seeker. Yes, let's somebody roll a d. 20. I think seeker can do like a
Tim Sackton: just like investigation or
David (he/him): Yeah, that's a 2
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Guy's got a plus 15
David (he/him): Jeez
Tim Sackton: He's like you.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he's got a plus 15 investigation. I mean, this is this is not, I mean seeker actually is quite fascinated by this.
Tim Sackton: I mean, this clearly was is, it's not.
Tim Sackton: Probably there was some magic at some point right? Because there's not an obvious mechanism to make the water flow.
Tim Sackton: but it doesn't seem.
Tim Sackton: This is this is this is like a this is plumbing. This is
David (he/him): A component of an ancient fountain
Mike Sackton: But does it? I guess I'm trying to figure out. Does it go anywhere?
Mike Sackton: Is this the end of the plumbing? Does it like?
Mike Sackton: Is it all collapsed
Tim Sackton: The basin down below would have been full of water.
Tim Sackton: At least as far as you can see, it's not
Mike Sackton: There's not any
Tim Sackton: There's not anything you not anywhere. You can go from there
Mike Sackton: Right, but it's down below. I guess you keep saying basin down below. But
Mike Sackton: can we just walk down to the basin
Tim Sackton: Well, it's like a tweet.
Tim Sackton: 30 foot drop
Tim Sackton: basin's like a globe. It's like the bottom of a vial like this. It's like a round
Mike Sackton: And we're standing at the top
Tim Sackton: You're standing at the top
David (he/him): Okay, it's not like collapsed. And yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's not collapsed
Mike Sackton: Yeah, bye.
David (he/him): I'll hop in and feather fall to the bottom and investigate
Tim Sackton: Okay, make a perception check
David (he/him): Sort of thinking like. Is there a room below the room? Kind of thing
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was thinking that, too.
Tim Sackton: You know I mean anything out of the ordinary
Mike Sackton: Is there any? It's not like particularly difficult climbing. Right? Can I just climb down?
Mike Sackton: Given? I have a climb speed
David (he/him): Can I get bardic inspiration on that
Tim Sackton: Sure 2D. 12. Take the highest, I think. Mark offense
David (he/him): All right. That's 31,
Tim Sackton: Let's see, that's 2 that seekers used
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, you see.
Tim Sackton: you can see like the the old water level, you can see like a little, you know, bits of old. It's not. It's not really straightforward to climb down, because the
Tim Sackton: right it's a circle like this, and it it forms a globe.
Tim Sackton: and the entryway is right at the top.
Tim Sackton: right? Right? So you're at the top of a sphere, basically is where the well goes down.
Tim Sackton: Clearly, there must have been some magic operating here, because there's no.
Tim Sackton: there's not like other pipes leading out of here, or anything. There's not like drainage
Tim Sackton: but the walls are sort of cracked
Tim Sackton: There's nothing a lot to find
David (he/him): Alright. I'll come back out again
Tim Sackton: How are you getting back out? Oh, you're flying.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): I'm a rope
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Somebody can drop a rope down
David (he/him): How about secret doors off of any of these tunnels?
Tim Sackton: go ahead and make a perception check. I mean, you haven't seen anything. You're usually pretty good at noticing
David (he/him): Yeah.
David (he/him): I mean, do we want to go down the hallway under the evil tower and see if we're missing something? There
Kate Sackton: We're
David (he/him): Black.
Tim Sackton: Yauggery was not, was. I don't
Mike Sackton: Really wanted.
Mike Sackton: I don't really want to go down the hall to the evil
Mike Sackton: This feels like there should be something here.
Kate Sackton: You think of a guiding question you could ask your guiding people
Mike Sackton: Can we pour some water in it
Kate Sackton: In the basin
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): That's interesting, hey? I have to step away for like 6 or 7 min here.
David (he/him): I know it's really late there.
David (he/him): happy to run. I feel like we're almost to a thing
Tim Sackton: I feel like you're.
Tim Sackton: I think it would be good to. This is not a great place to stop, but I think like 15 min will be. Why don't you come back if you can? In a few
David (he/him): I'm gonna run and be back all right.
Tim Sackton: I know that now we're down to 2 falling asleep people, so maybe we should take a short break until Kong comes back and has some new insight
Mike Sackton: Yeah, don't we have? I wanted to see what happens if we pour some water in the basin
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: We have lots of ways of creating water, don't we?
Tim Sackton: Yes, eager, can pour his alchemical tea kettle
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: Nothing happens.
Tim Sackton: Nothing happens.
Kate Sackton: The original vibe we got from speakers.
Kate Sackton: Thingy was that there was like
Kate Sackton: significant excavated area under this whole area
Kate Sackton: is that vibe that he got matching the scale of what we've already explored? Or can he tell like, or is it like
Tim Sackton: It's not like totally straightforward. But yeah, I mean, roughly speaking, this isn't
Tim Sackton: This isn't completely incompatible. I mean, this is not incompatible with the vibe
Tim Sackton: like his stone sense, Vibe definitely was not like.
Tim Sackton: there's a whole city under here, you know.
Tim Sackton: several 100 feet of tunnel. This is.
Tim Sackton: you know, 500 feet of tunnels, and
Tim Sackton: at least, you know, some fountain complex and some
Tim Sackton: small rooms is certainly consistent with the
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: We're not trying to break through to a whole nother level of yet another set of things. Probably.
Kate Sackton: So there's
Tim Sackton: Unlikely.
Kate Sackton: Oh, my gosh, Nathaniel's awake!
Tim Sackton: Ask him if he has any ideas.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let's wait. Let's wait for a couple minutes, but I think it will be
Tim Sackton: much better to end in 10 or 15 min
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, no, that's fine.
Tim Sackton: But maybe hopefully
Tim Sackton: comes back. You might have some idea. I have no idea if his thing is going to be running super late, or
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Text him.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'll be right back
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: thank you.
Kate Sackton: Awake would be too strong a word for what Nathaniel was, but
Kate Sackton: roaming around a little bit droolly and a little bit sweaty, and just needing to have his head rubbed and go back to sleep.
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I think we're hoping that a few people will rejoin in the next few minutes and try to
Tim Sackton: solve this problem in the last 10 min, so we can all go to bed before.
Tim Sackton: If that doesn't happen, we'll call it soon, cause I hey?
Tim Sackton: Let's see meeting at Hms. That I have to be in 5 4. So
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna bike. But I have to leave the house at like 7, 45
Kate Sackton: Where you have to bike, because you're about what? Tell me about the morning
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: I was meeting at H. Ambassad in April, and bike nice
Kate Sackton: You told me you had a meeting at 8. Didn't realize it was so early in the morning
David (he/him): Alright sorry about that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Get pumped. Exploring music
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So what are you gonna do?
Tim Sackton: Water putting water, pouring the alchemical tea kettle in it did nothing
David (he/him): About like filling it with light instead, like, what if we
David (he/him): put in the drift clubs and cast daylight inside the tank
Kate Sackton: Is this cast in daylight? Who does this
David (he/him): Drift globes. Do it.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, try, it?
Kate Sackton: I mean they they didn't eliminate the hallways. We can try it in the basin is what we're thinking
David (he/him): Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Let's give it a shot.
David (he/him): We're getting the shake
Tim Sackton: And the light of the drift globe. Even the daylight spell flickers briefly weekly, and then flows and stops
Kate Sackton: Okay. So either take the time down here in the tunnel, the tunnel furthest from
Kate Sackton: any. I mean, I think our tunnel, our original tunnel is the safest, because the other 2 are sort of leaky.
Kate Sackton: Halfway down the tunnel in between the center, and we just take a whole short rest and attune to the
Kate Sackton: lantern
Mike Sackton: Any evidence of anything being down here, I mean, are these tunnels like dusty? And
Mike Sackton: how long has it been since anybody's walked these tunnels.
Mike Sackton: Do you have any idea
Kate Sackton: Because the passage of time is so clear here
Tim Sackton: La, not clear.
Tim Sackton: you can make a investigation check. I mean, it's pretty clear. It's not like there's not
Tim Sackton: things regularly moving around right like, you know, it's not like something was patrolling here yesterday. If you want to know more, you'd have to, you know. Make a check perception investigation whatever. But it's like definitely not
Tim Sackton: trafficked
Mike Sackton: Great
David (he/him): OP,
Tim Sackton: Possibly been completely empty for hundreds of years.
David (he/him): So there are like little bits of darkness physically making their way down here like, what if we need to wall that stuff off
David (he/him): like to make the central room completely free of it. Say.
David (he/him): we could try. I don't know
David (he/him): Tuning to the
Mike Sackton: Thing.
David (he/him): Bang!
Mike Sackton: Are there any like
Mike Sackton: cracks? And I mean, is the basin wall smooth, or does it seem like there's cracks and places, and like holes and things
Tim Sackton: It's definitely been cracked. It's not
Tim Sackton: It's I mean, it's partially collapsed like this once was a clearly once was
Tim Sackton: like more intact, right like there's there's cracks through it like. The lining of this basin once was much smoother or something, and it's mostly fallen. Those like little piles of rubble at the bottom.
Mike Sackton: But is there anything that looks like? I don't know a pipe, or a or a drain, or a
Tim Sackton: There's nothing else like pipes or drains
Mike Sackton: Whole, or something that would weed somewhere, even if it's small
Tim Sackton: No.
David (he/him): Are there other tunnels under here
Tim Sackton: Or the that were in the only set.
Tim Sackton: You don't know for sure, but you're guessing you haven't seen. It's you're I mean, you're pretty
Tim Sackton: on top of things like
David (he/him): Sure.
Tim Sackton: There hasn't been any trapdoor that you've passed, or really the only place you haven't gone is the
Tim Sackton: tunnel underneath the dark tower
David (he/him): Shall we go
Mike Sackton: No, I don't think so.
Mike Sackton: What?
Kate Sackton: Well, I mean, should we go like a quarter of the way
Mike Sackton: It doesn't feel great.
Mike Sackton: What's the what's the story we heard? So wait! Tell us again how we what we know about the
Mike Sackton: prism. Well, there was some story or something about
Mike Sackton: why wasn't there a whole story about why there was these connections to the prison wall, something about
Mike Sackton: getting help or seeking power, or wet amber and wet cloud. Spitter, do something
Tim Sackton: the connections to the prison. Well, I mean I don't. I don't remember if you ever got a super clear explanation, because it was all from Count Vashen, who was a bit
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: But I mean, yeah, it was basically part of
Tim Sackton: part of Cloud spinner's network of power and also part of partly communication. And you know, being able to
Tim Sackton: connect, to and draw on the cloud spinner's power.
Tim Sackton: Possibly they also, like somehow, were involved in charging the amber lights like you don't really know the details of the
Kate Sackton: Amber light is one of the key things to her connections.
Kate Sackton: Daylight is one of the key things to her connections. Those are 2 things we don't have down here.
Kate Sackton: We can attune to the amber light and see if we can get something to happen. I can cast a daylight spell, but it only lasts like 10 min.
Kate Sackton: I don't want to do it unless we're certain that it's like the key to like trying something.
Kate Sackton: It's not like a it's my! It's a huge, high, level spell slot that doesn't last very long.
Kate Sackton: So Sunbeam. So
Kate Sackton: I don't want to make a sunbeam unless we are pointing it at something rather than just the rooms and 2 tunnels, 3 tunnels in it.
Kate Sackton: So. But I'd be like, I mean, if we had the amber light going, or at least we had the amber light attuned. But then still nothing happens.
Kate Sackton: We could try putting a sunbeam through the amber light down here
Mike Sackton: Hey!
David (he/him): And
Kate Sackton: Hey!
David S. Kong: Live? Did Kendall die?
Mike Sackton: No! Well, we did.
Tim Sackton: 5 currently so killed the killed the monsters.
Tim Sackton: Hezo took no damage again. Welby almost died.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo took 3 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Bad day made it down to the Tower, avoided
Tim Sackton: some minions in the courtyard, found your way underground.
Tim Sackton: There's 2 you're now underground in looking at what seems to be the
Tim Sackton: former mechanism of some fountain up in the courtyard above.
Tim Sackton: There's passageways that lead underneath each of the towers. You've explored 2 of them. The one you came in, and the one to the crumbled tower have not explored the passageway to the
Tim Sackton: Dark Tower underneath, not up into, but underneath the dark tower where the big bad supposedly lives.
Tim Sackton: but bit stuck about what to do now
Kate Sackton: But you did augury, and when we asked augury, should we go to the big bad tower? It was like no very bad idea
David S. Kong: So, okay.
Tim Sackton: You asked it.
Mike Sackton: We asked it if we should try and defeat the thing that
Tim Sackton: Said is, you should go fight the big, bad.
David (he/him): Panel.
Kate Sackton: Okay. Fair enough.
Mike Sackton: I guess we could try the big Bad's tower
Kate Sackton: As long as we're intending to try to avoid the big bat itself by staying underground
David (he/him): Yeah, we're just going down the we're not. We're not going to the tower. We're just going down the tunnel
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: As you go down this tunnel
Kate Sackton: Do we want to attend to the amber light first, st in case it turns out to be useful? Or do we just want to go right into our next possible danger.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we're really going into danger yet.
Kate Sackton: Okay. Fine.
Mike Sackton: Mean, we're gonna try and avoid danger. Here is the goal right?
Kate Sackton: Continue.
Tim Sackton: Down the tunnel, little wisps of darkness drifting next to you.
Tim Sackton: It seems to get a little darker as you go, but as you get maybe
Tim Sackton: 6,100 feet down. You can see that the room underneath this tower is not just a small circular room like the others.
Tim Sackton: You see darkness, sort of clinging like mud
Tim Sackton: dripping from the walls of a multi-volted chamber.
Tim Sackton: The darkness is sort of flowing over what looks like a
Tim Sackton: very, very polished, reflective floor surface.
Tim Sackton: There are
Tim Sackton: a number of crystals hanging from the ceiling like diamonds draped down where darkness is sort of swirling up around the crystals
Tim Sackton: seems to be stuck here. There's nowhere for the darkness to leave. It's just accumulating.
Tim Sackton: So it's patchy, right? You can't. It's not.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to see, because there's this patchy fog sort of drifting across
Mike Sackton: Where is it coming from?
Tim Sackton: It's coming from down the tunnel behind you.
Kate Sackton: From the rubble room in the
Tim Sackton: Rubble room, and from the fountain
Mike Sackton: So it's not coming from above
David (he/him): It's not coming from above. It seems to be accumulating in this room
Kate Sackton: Hello!
David (he/him): Family.
Kate Sackton: Of course.
Kate Sackton: What
David (he/him): Like a little chimney, like a
David (he/him): just a tiny little hole to let it out somewhere
Kate Sackton: I mean, it's been accumulating down here for a long time, so there's probably a lot of it. So if we make a little hole.
Kate Sackton: It would take a while to drain out, up
David (he/him): You should like increase the air pressure in the rest of the tunnel system.
Kate Sackton: To like airlock. The thing
David (he/him): Like to blow.
Tim Sackton: This is the Dark Tower, so there is presumably very
Tim Sackton: thick, dense darkness right above your heads.
Tim Sackton: Just keep that in mind.
Kate Sackton: It would probably come down too
David (he/him): Maybe we need to do the opposite like, can we push this darkness out
David (he/him): somewhere else? Can we, these patchy, wispy, foggy bits of darkness. Can we move or manipulate them like, if if we like.
David (he/him): now shed it?
David (he/him): Do they move towards or away from light, like if they're
David S. Kong: Hello!
Tim Sackton: There's so far you have not been able to get any light to stick in this entire castle, except
Kate Sackton: What if I cast a sacred flame candle? What does that do to the at a little blob
Tim Sackton: Nothing
Kate Sackton: Okay. We can't burn them.
David S. Kong: Let me transmute.
Kate Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: In, into what like, how
David (he/him): Can you destroy them with sunbeam
Kate Sackton: I mean, I can try just showering this room with Sunbeam to see if it activates the crystals. And the
Kate Sackton: this I mean. This is the best thing I've had to point to some beam at in all of the Fay wild. So
Kate Sackton: maybe this is where to point a sunbeam and see what happens.
David S. Kong: We'll learn something, no matter what.
David (he/him): I mean, you could try to use the sunbeam to destroy all the dark in the room, and
David (he/him): as well as power. The crystals
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Like it worth a shot
Kate Sackton: So the only question is, would having the amber light attuned in somebody's hand be a boon
Kate Sackton: during that operation.
Kate Sackton: or should we just give up on the amber light and the attuning, and not even try. And just do sunbeam
David S. Kong: Would it be cool with you being attuned to the crown and Amberlake? Is that gonna
Kate Sackton: Can't. I don't have enough slots
Tim Sackton: The reason doesn't have slots for that.
David S. Kong: Oh!
David (he/him): Here's good as
Kate Sackton: It's secret.
Tim Sackton: It takes an hour to attune. So do you want to wait here an hour?
David (he/him): The way you pose that question, Tim, makes it sound like it's a really dumb idea
David S. Kong: Why don't we just test and see what happens?
David (he/him): Let's just sunbeam. Yeah
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: This has been a fun discussion. Thanks everybody.
Tim Sackton: That you cast on beam
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I'm looking 6 level spell.
Kate Sackton: We've got one slot. Here we go
Tim Sackton: So Riswyn folds up her shield, marked the symbol of the Barzell.
Tim Sackton: and sunlight begins to grow on our shield and spill out.
Tim Sackton: and it begins to bounce off the crystals in the room, and the reflective floor
David (he/him): What?
Tim Sackton: Light up the arches and the passageways, glowing.
Tim Sackton: echoing, and reinforcing itself as it burns away the darkness, and we will stop there
David S. Kong: Cool.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: I came for the best part
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Very cool.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So we will pick up with the consequences of activating the beacon underneath. Red sun watch.
Tim Sackton: Next time
David S. Kong: Or like. Did y'all to sign on anything? Date wise with Eric
Tim Sackton: He no, he was just same you were there for that part of the conversation. We didn't discuss it more. Just he'll try and come. He doesn't know. He'll try and come for what he can come and
David S. Kong: So we'll do. May one next, basically.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, we'll do, may one? Next. I think. You know, I'll talk to Eric in between, and I'll figure out how to make it work. But
Tim Sackton: you you guys did. Well, I'm impressed.
Tim Sackton: I didn't. I wasn't sure you were. Gonna get this far in one session.
Tim Sackton: But you did
David S. Kong: Did we do before this? We killed some monsters. We killed the monsters
Mike Sackton: And we sort of wandered around
Tim Sackton: Well, you didn't like go off you're getting you're you didn't get distracted by wandering off to other
Kate Sackton: We didn't go fight the courtyard. We didn't go fight the big, bad
Tim Sackton: Try to avoid as many combats as you could.
Tim Sackton: which was clever, and you succeeded in avoiding combats and using
Tim Sackton: past while and oh! Seeker turned into a giant scorpion which has blind sight so that he could help well be search in the darkness
David (he/him): That works well.
Tim Sackton: The idea was the easiest way to get into the tunnel was through the courtyard
David S. Kong: And we do that
Tim Sackton: You managed to avoid that. You didn't go fight all the monsters in the courtyard, and have to go through the obvious fountain. You used passwall and blindsight and
Tim Sackton: high investigation to find your way into the tunnels
David S. Kong: Nice. So we're smart, not dumb. That's cool
Mike Sackton: Yep.